Aug 28, 2013
V-World Matrix, The Amazing Bulk, and Gymkata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4HOlhADlZo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/372789065613340673
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151629023387634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-v-world-matrix-the-amazing-bulk-and-

who are you
hi
I'm colin from Canada
how did you get in here
I don't know
so Colin what do you do in Canada
well I've been a visual effects artist for the past 20 years
Oh neat
what movies have you worked on
uh worked on movies like The Chronicles of Narnia The Incredible Hulk and your personal favorite Jack the Giant Killer Slayer
oh my favorite from jack and the giant bean killer
well it's funny you mentioned visual effects cuz the three movies were gonna be watching today are filled with them
let's take a look at them now
what our first film is called
v-world matrix
um
and I do not have an official release copy of this movie
so this is the printout from amazon.com
their description and they actually have spelling errors in this
they do
yeah
two friends pay a cyber vacation to experience a world where they can act out their most violent and erotic
fantasies they soon realize they've
entered a virtual free-for-all forbidden
fantasies and desires suddenly appear in
the form of ever deadlier dark women
whoo
so horribly awkward using is what it is
next one is the amazing bulk now I've
seen the trailer for this movie and it
looks like a winner it's kind of fitting
because I worked on the Incredible Hulk
so Henry Hank powered an ambitious but
frustrated young scientist struggles to
develop a superhuman serum designed to
improve muscle mass and prolong life
expectancy his boss the grumpy general
Darwin will not allow Hank to marry his
daughter Hannah until the experiment is
a success against Darwin's wishes
Hank attempts to propose to Hannah but
his life is shattered by a mugger who
steals his engagement ring what being
dejected and injects himself with the
experimental serum and his transport
into his alter ego the amazing bulk that
sounds like the plot to a soap opera and
what is the plot to the Incredible Hulk
I don't even know the Incredible Hulk
hey did you see the movie that you
worked on he's missing away know our
final film of the day is sing along with
Frank whirly our final film of the day
is trans morphers so this is an asylum
movie we all know about the asylum
filled with really terrible cgi graphics
and giant robots like to stop you there
I work in visual effects like every
single day I work with computers and
I've seen CG can we just do a movie
without CG please hmm
I guess so but the question is how do we
decide what movie to watch well I could
think of nothing better to pick a bad
movie with than the wheel of the worst
so what do we have on the wheel today
well Mike let's start with Hollywood cop
next up is Aladdin now ghosts we've got
two copies of Aladdin here yeah I don't
know so the chances are we're gonna be
watching Aladdin the chances are
increased okay our third film is gymkata
now this is my personal copy that I
brought down from Canada I've never
watched it before so I'm praying that it
lands on gymkata next up another Aladdin
No and we have partners I don't know
anything about this movie well it
appears to be a crime thriller about
cops how do you can tell that well
there's some subtle hints on the cover
next up is alienator in deep space the
deadliest animal is still woman so Jen
Michael Vincent's in it okay that's like
someone in kiss looks like Daryl Hannah
next up Stallone I love Stallone it's
not Sylvester Stallone oh it's Frank
Stallone no no I love Frank Stallone
that's what I meant
what next up is crazy fat Ethel - the
sequel to crazy fat Ethel apparently
starring Andy Bricker so I guess it's
time to spin the wheel of the word give
it a good spin Colin on Jim cut
ah doing this yes what what I cut the
horse and see if like horsepower right
hey hey I don't think you should look
for symbolism in Jim it's just a little
anti-american sentiment running around
but I think we're so gob okay they
really rushed it through the plot to get
to the fight this is what you want to
see exactly
okay and so today we watch three movies
so we watched three new movies this week
two of them were special effects driven
visual effects driven movies and then
the last one was random Oh what do you
mean by that were you suggesting a
conspiracy no absolutely not it was just
completely random and we just spun the
wheel and it landed on gymkata you know
those things happen whatever happened it
was at least spontaneous yeah yes yes
but the first movie we watched was
v-world matrix on lovely VHS the label
written with a sharpie and Mike why
don't you explain what happens in
v-world matrix so via world matrix is a
film by acclaimed filmmaker run Ford who
I used to know I've seen a lot of his
films the the wonderful Hollywood
mortuary
the classic deadly scavengers a film
about people looking for a giant
cockroach
but the world matrix is a
special-effects extravaganza film
about two guys who go into a virtual
reality simulator in order to drink beer
out of styrofoam cups hey what do you
want it to be were at a dingy L a year
old place welcome it to be fair it's not
all euro stands there's also some kind
of kick-ass submarine minefield
oh 
oh yeah
yeah
foot footage they ripped off from another movie and it ran for ten minutes
watch out
holy shit
i told you, you got watch out
oh my god
watch those things
yeah that was very weird
it was like a like a let's play video on YouTube where it's a they're just showing this footage
has nothing to do with anything
look out
well they don't even change the audio it just sounds like everybody's sitting on a couch talking into the camera mic
we almost got taken out there
oh these guys are still gonna
drive boom Javan I think with v-world
matrix you have to look at it as having
lots of limitation of course um
obviously they they had a idea in mind
and we're not able to fully execute it
because of their limitations so you have
to use your imagination a little you
have to imagine you're watching a good
movie I didn't mind the storyline that
much you know what happened in the story
line though ever happening you know
nothing of this is just sort of like
they went in and I remember when they
first got in they were reading this sort
of list of things that they could do oh
yeah they could eat food
Oh sorts of stuff now hey we have sports
wet sports food that's the own orders of
pizza the virtual world one of the the
main actors we were convinced I think
was coming down from like a heroin hi oh
yeah he started scratching his face
we decided they gave him his fix between
tape that was his inspiration to keep
going yeah and he sort of got down to
the bottom and was like hookers hookers
secretaries Porter's see the thing is
though I mean if you're paying thousands
of dollars to go into V world why would
you want to have sex with an ugly
prostitute
you can do that in the real world for
less money if you're going in the VOD
world I want to have sex with 1980 Cindy
Crawford
Cindy Crawford Cindy Crawford for a
second I thought you were talking about
Cindy Lauper I just pictured her saying
girls don't want to have fun
to let you in
it looks it looks like as awkward as
having a hooker over experience would be
my favorite aspect of that scene though
is that the actresses did not want their
faces show yeah yeah the right where it
is large mass that cover their entire
face most Awkward day of these actors
live
I look like you're really enjoying it
and then that guy's ecstasy face
you
baby
and that seam went on for very long time
they had these two full fake oasis song
so and that's a running thing through
this movie is a song we'll play in its
entirety an end and then just another
song we'll start playing
and it's all inappropriate heavy little
music yeah it just keeps going and
constant no matter what's happening they
could be having a quiet conversation at
a table do you hear something whatever
let's just continue our mundane
conversation okay well actually that's
what I was just working with in the car
to fall over I think this is trying to
be West world's because you have it's V
worlds and I think the matrix was added
later when the movie The Matrix got
popular but yeah they go into this
virtual reality world to do really
mundane things and they pay way more to
enter this virtual reality world than it
would cost to do those things in real
life yeah usually if you're wanting to
pay all this money you know and have a
fantasy fulfilled he wanted to be sort
of better than the world that you live
in I would think at the very least you
would get something better than a
Styrofoam cup to drink out and I love
the fact that there was a one point
where the boss was there and he said all
right the bills you know the Ted get it
on my tab meantime drink as much as you
want on my tab so not only do you have
to pay to get into this world you have
to pay for booze while you're there
keep spraying it get ringing let's go
young guy right
that's an old dot-matrix printer yeah
well are we done with via worldly I
think we're done with the old matrix are
you sure you want to be done with the
v-world matrix because you know what's
coming after v-world matrix yeah I'm
gonna go get five more drinks
I don't think fives gonna go I was
thinking for sure watching that that was
gonna be the movie we were going to be
destroying I was convinced that's the
most amazing thing this seemed like the
worst thing we've ever seen until we
watched the amazing bulk I always expect
the the unexpected yes the world is
where your wildest most forbidden
fantasies become reality shut down and
reload shut down and reload shut down
and reload shut down and reload the
all right so our next movie tonight is
the amazing the incredible bulk the
amazing book yeah the amazing bulk I'm
sorry he got it wrong oh it's the
amazing bulk um and this film is is a
complete complete disaster and a
complete mystery Henry Howard who the
hell is this it's me but I bet we're
gonna find out soon enough charm no of
it stall deliberately bad I don't know
if this is the oh my god we should
probably back up and explain the movie
the story of the movie which is
essentially the Incredible Hulk guy
creates a serum when he gets angry he
turns into a big purple monster instead
of a big green monster but the whole
movie is shot in front of green screen
the entire movie actors in front of
green screen and lots of bad CG effects
it's essentially a colorful terrible Sin
City
I hate dust I don't want it building up
in my home well let's see the thing with
the amazing bulk is we're not sure what
the motivations behind it were you see
the trailer and you expect a movie
that's funny because it's bad yeah but
when you're watching it it's so bad
you're not sure if if they're trying to
pull a Tommy Wiseau they're trying to
deliberately make a you know other room
right a movie that's bad because funny
because it's bad or you don't know if
they're trying to make a real superhero
movie and failing or you don't know if
they're trying to make a superhero
parody and failing miserably yeah I mean
it could be many different things yes so
moving on to Jim cotta
what happened to the city they gave up
ready we start up laughing quite a bit I
think all of us yeah because it starts
off funny and you're like oh this is
terrible but then after a while
everybody kind of got silenced my OMA
you grown since the last time we played
they they either knew someone or if the
director himself was into computer
animation or they found a program that
had preset animations on it well that's
what honestly can make a whole movie
with this crap it feels like like
clipart the movie yeah
and Colin let me ask as a someone that
works in visual effects and CG is there
CG clip art I'm sure yeah I know there's
some software I think it's called like
movie storm or something it's usually
used for doing animatics for movies and
you know not for final quality visual
effects but it's just a really quick way
for anybody to sort of you know sort of
whip up animatics and sort of animated
storyboards for their movie okay so I
have a feeling that's what this movie
feels like they bought these things yeah
like the dog and you just drop the dog
into the show right yeah
and then at the end there's like the
leprechaun and you're what why is there
a leprechaun it really goes off the
rails like at the end it just gets
bonkers
this is this is whatever we have throw
it in there whatever we have this is the
most baffling but this is the most
confusing movie that we've ever watched
yeah
the opening credits are in comic Sam's
was that supposed to be funny why here's
a question they use Comic Sans yeah is
it because they scroll through their
list of fun kind of saw something that's
a comic yeah that'd be my guess
are they that clueless I I'm convinced
that they just did not know they're
setting the tone but then you get the
scenes like the when they're sitting in
the police car oh we need to whip up a
police car real quick ah and it looks
like it literally like a child drew the
police car in some sort of computer
paint program there there's yeah there's
a lot of differences from scene scene of
the quality of the visual effects
they didn't go stylized to where
everything looked as photo-realistic as
they could well sometimes the
backgrounds are literally just photos
sometimes sometimes are clothes
incorporated with other background yeah
but well but one thing to note is that
all the cars in this movie have the same
couch for a seat and cars are suddenly
smaller than people was you're shooting
at
what a smart card
oh no the news is on the case I am the
sky what the flight sideways but that
helicopter and the car falling on
someone is part of the best scene in the
movie the extended action sequence the
chasing where they just filmed the cops
shooting
what is an English phone booth because a
phone booth Copart news a clipart yeah
they couldn't even spring for a
treadmill either if somebody is running
in this film they're running in place
any time they're walking they're walking
in place
it's very jarring well running in place
is like just wow you have to be have
brain damage not not not to look at that
and go that doesn't look natural
yeah well and then also in that sequence
there's a helicopter the news helicopter
that comes down and then for one shot
the bulk is not CG anymore that's the
detective guy right it's the bald cop
guy in purple pain and he just bats at
the helicopter and he's about like five
hundred feet tall oh yeah he's much
taller than both was in the rest of the
movie cuz everything else they use that
was CG in the movie was some kind of
stock thing yeah and making it or
animating an incredible bulk was
probably either don't expose very
specific yeah yes they keep cutting him
it's the same movements except for that
one shots so they they had to figure out
a way to do that one shot without having
to animate it so they said hey our guy
playing the cop is a big bald guy was a
cover him in purple pain that's why
occasionally he has like the the Pope
glove hopefully yeah it's literally the
toy the Hulk hands
what the curia turn me into a guinea pig
answer me goddammit who me a favor to
make the Sandman pay him
visit right away sir wait give me
injection before a boy transforms
Southside it's like all the backgrounds
are just like like placeholders until
and maybe that's even what it was that's
option number 38 it was that all the
green screen stuff was just placeholder
footage you know and they were going to
do something a lot better but yes yeah
and then they just ran out of time or
he's just said fuck it and release it as
a movie yeah but then that also doesn't
explain the bad audio oh yeah which is
inconsistent some scenes are clearly
room audio where there's horrible echo
well what kind of a surprise for that
but if you knew if I was coming when
there's other scenes where they miked it
mm-hm there's other scenes where they
80-yard some of the lines but not all of
them Oh sweetie - hey and I'm leaving I
don't know I don't know what to make of
it we're watching remember the then
making up or whatever how is this done
and where they're showing the movie
magic yeah exactly so they had the
characters running in front of the green
screen talking like saying dialogue and
you can hear the director yelling out
direction
so they must have had to cut out some of
the audio or like you know overdub
battery in ers oh you know after the
fact all I can say is that I'm glad that
they put that behind the scenes footage
on the DVD because now I have this green
screen footage that I can just
superimpose in front of anything what's
that oh there they go huh
well a Barney the purple dinosaur
backup you're gonna need an army to take
down that monster we've explained the
difference between funny bad and bad bad
right funny bad is when someone makes a
movie with with heart and intention and
it fails and someone and bad bad is when
the movies just bad right not
entertaining at all this it's like okay
was he trying to do a stylize thing like
Sin City and failed was he trying to
make the next Birdemic intentionally
trying to make of the room you know yeah
type movie were they doing a cheap cash
grab like the asylum like a movie like
that like well well we'll whip it up in
15 minutes and we'll put this cover on
it we'll sell it around the same time
the Incredible Hulk comes out make some
money and move on or was the director
just delusional that's that's the big
question and that's the question that we
like grappled with the whole time and
that was just it was tearing us apart
Lisa the answer is yes which one is a
director
ah thank God for gymkata uh okay so our
final movie of the night is gymkata okay
so gymkata is the story so Gymkhana is
the story of a gymnast who gets
recruited by the CIA to take part in a
game a game of the death anyone who
enters parmistan must play the game if
he wins he's allowed his life and one request
oh my god
focus
holy shit
really
that long
what gymkata is about a
real-life gold medal winning gymnast
Kurt Thomas so I guess at the time that
this movie was made men's gymnastics was
very popular and they decided to make a
movie starring Kurt Thomas yes it's kind
of like when you see steel starring Shaq
yeah I say oh this guy's popular let's
make a movie around exactly some
producer somewhere was watching the
Olympics and said that would be great
that guy a movie star in a gymnast after
slip around a lab why don't we get
somebody in a movie who can flip around
a lot all right
gosh I gotta I picked enough come on
come on come on come on you'll get some
ha ha yeah gymnastics champion Kurt
Thomas portrays Jonathan Cabot oh he has
a name his name isn't gymkata it's
Finnish thoughts and Gotha Oh what the
hell is the plot of this movie like you
and it feels like a movie where they
they cut out all the boring stuff at
least for the first you know for a movie
with a low budget like this it's
actually refreshing that they get
straight to it
oh yeah cut out all of the fat they
don't they don't waste time taking actor
who can't act and trying to build up
characterization they just go right into
it I'm a gymnast and I'm gonna pick
people and man the first 20 minutes is
like it's pretty much an entire movie
that's been compressed into 20 minutes
so it's got like the opening scene which
is I don't know him flipping around and
stuff like that just amassing skills
some kind of yeah it's it's it's like
the first time of the princess shows up
they say they may as well have just said
okay here is your love interest and you
two are in love now and literally
probably within like two minutes there
they're making out he's using make out
Cara good morning princess good morning
Jonathan you're looking handsome as
always
oh he's supposed to be charming owner if
they just gave this guy like scenes and
said how can you work gymnastics into
them I think I think like if I was a
producer and someone said there's this
gymnastic star okay and we want to put
him in an action movie okay well let's
do a thing where he's he's like a like a
guy who's trying to get into gymnastics
or he's really good at it and the local
gang wants to beat him up and he wants
to get the girl and and you know all
that stuff and something like that where
a Karate Kid type plot but it said they
involved this like international spy
ring and there's there's guys with
swords and of course are crazy people
and a ton it's a it gets starts getting
super bizarre yeah
the first 20 minutes is really well
paced I mean it's like you know Bam Bam
Bam
there's a good foot chase that goes on
for a very long time and then you
realize it's like they hadn't even
started the plot yet I mean like the
sorry they haven't even done this like
they just told the story of a whole
movie and now the movie has to get goes
there's there's this wonderful fight
scene where he's just doing unnecessary
gymnastics yeah there's no grease that's
a feat oh wait powers is there Chuck
that's perfect I just run into him are
you okay the bar was some unbelievable
it's a pipe it's a laundry line it's a
someone put it up there to do push-ups
or pull-ups or whatever and that but the
the horse the the town's the pommel
horse the town square with the two
handles on it that serve no logical
purpose other than it's waiting there
for a gymnast to come and use it to
fight out the town of crazy people
so the king of this town that's putting
on this weird competition thing he has a
daughter and that's Jim Coty's love
interest in the movie she's very clearly
some sort of Asian ethnicity but the
King looks like Mel Brooks and she kind
of also looks like Patrick Stewart he
also looks like Geraldo Rivera he also
looks like a bald guy who is a really
horrible comb-over there can be no
mistakes anyone trying to avoid an
obstacle will be instantly cute he looks
like a comedy actor a very bizarre
casting choice yeah a lot of the
characters in this movie are supposed to
be some sort of other ethnicity but
they're all just like dumb looking white
guys and turbans yeah yeah you know it's
genuinely entertaining
yeah it's enjoyable to watch it gets
really fucking bizarre at the end
because the whole thing is they go
through these different trials of this game they have to climb up a rope and be shot at by ninjas with arrows
aughhh
kill him
oh he missed
oh
what
what the fuck
and then they have to go across the rope and get shot at by ninjas with arrows
yay
a bad dummy shot
oh
a bad dummy
his leg just went
a foot flew off
his shoe flew off
they end up in crazy town
obviously the King just banishes all the
crazy people to this town so they don't
have to deal with sure what's but what's
to prevent them from just leaving and
why wouldn't he kill one another that
that was my question he seems to work
well as a society they seem to be able
to sense other crazy people and they say
that guy's not crazy let's get him
they're like zombies it's kind of like
zombies yeah yeah yeah how does their
general economy work yeah you know to
people like who farms and yeah how they
gonna ever here's the biggest stick gets
to eat the goat
and our hero has to make his way very
very slowly through crazy town yeah and
then he finds a pummel horse and then
all the crazy people come up to him one
at a time so he can kick them in the
face yes most of the people in crazy
town are old people so you get to watch
your gymnast hero beat up the elderly
yeah be up that old man betta more than
necessary so we have V world's matrix we
have the amazing bulk and we have
gymkata which is the best of the worst
Kim Khanna I'm gonna have to go gymkata
hands down gymkata okay why is everyone
picking gymkata because the other two
were miserable
Bobby yeah Jim Connor was genuinely
entertaining
yeah Weasley there's a lot of fun well
shot it's got a bonkers concept yeah it
gets really bizarre when your hero is
kicking elderly people in the face for
25 minutes right I think the best of the
worst just generally means which one is
the least painful yes yeah yeah I think
at this point that's what we have to go
by yeah which is gymkata yeah best and
worst those two words lose all meaning
it's just whatever is the most tolerable
to get through yeah for whatever reason
for whatever reason and and we rolled
matrix you know the amazing bulk
stressful in the irritating the first
five minutes of the amazing bolt we're
fantastic I'm pretty amazed but then you
realize that the whole movies gonna be
this that's what was the most shocking
was that I really thought the world
matrix would just be the worst thing
that we watched today and it turned out
to be the second worst thing that we
watched today I am very glad your phrase
the amazing bulk prepare to meet your
