Dec 25, 2014
The Star Wars Holiday Special (FOR REAL)
youtube.com/watch?v=xW4m0oYK0WQ
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/548320278753718272
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-star-wars-holiday-special-for-real

the Star Wars Holiday Special
did you guys know that you're all
wearing holiday sweaters like a bunch of
jerks it's the holiday season
yeah we're you're wearing one too my
grandma made me this oh oh that's pretty
weird she's been dead for five years oh
my god
we watched the Star Wars Holiday Special
what wait holiday special the Star Wars
Holiday Special sorry I we need to
latest Star Wars Ellis they made a hard
Star Wars holiday we watched it a couple
hours ago so like George Lucas has
repeatedly said that he hates it and
wants it erased from history though the
the showrunner the person who was on set
producer is adamant that they sent
George Lucas dailies yeah and he had to
approve everything and he did yeah
here's here's how George Lucas approved
those though they came in they had a
monitor they wheeled it up to him and he
was like looking at is like bank account
information and he said that's fine
and the numbers kept going up yeah okay
yes that's good this reminds me of
something we did though like a behind
the scenes thing from Attack of the
Clones
and the CGI people are working on Yoda
and so they want to know what color
blood Yoda has cuz you'll see it was
there and they they asked George George
what color is your his blood and George
is like um Green doesn't know what he's
doing so no fucking lamp yeah what's
good whatever I mean in his defense whoa
yeah whoa just lost everybody
sometimes you there just needs to be a
person to make that call and you know he
doesn't who cares what color zo does
blood right like in his defense in that
specific situation sometimes just a call
needs to be made and that's his job to
make that call so yeah scream that's how
the holiday special he does
have a shit really
karmak doubly awkward this is probably a
tall man costume so so much licensing
and marketing and toys and everything
was happening with Star Wars around that
period post the success of Star Wars and
theaters I'm sure he just didn't care at
all but really who do we know who was
responsible like there's a there's a
director attached there's a director
there's one seems but is there a
singular vision behind the Star Wars
holidays no this is directed by name
withheld upon request it has a director
it has a series of producers I'm sure a
couple of writers but really like who
was the guy or the gal who said I think
that a Star Wars Holiday Special
should be utter nonsense somebody
somebody wanted to make money off Star
Wars who was the one that said a
producer okay who's the one that said no
we can't have like nobody said no it's
clear from watching it nobody said no
okay but who said we want this to appeal
to no one
don't do it lumpy so much to live lumpy
dough you just realized these in the
Star Wars Holiday Special
ha ha that's after trying to kill at
least at least someone with a brain
would say let's let this appeal to
younger people younger people like
Christmas songs they like you know they
don't like Bea Arthur it's it's it's
mind-boggling how miscalculated this way
this really dragging us out
what what if this could be Lucas just
fucking around with everyone see what we
doing like button can we err 20 minutes
of chewy noises hey let him
it just seems bizarre to me that how big
Star Wars was that that it seems like
they're scraping the bottom of the
barrel in terms of other celebrity
talent maybe all the money went to
carrie fisher's coke ha ha alleged
alleged coke she it's alleged by Carrie
Fisher herself that she had a coke
problem around the time this special
nothing's confirmed except for Carrie
Fisher so but we don't want to show with
more coke than Java frogs
you know but it's still legit it's
alleged that Java eights 828 frogs a day
mark Campbell looks like a mannequin in
this movie we theorize or do we know for
sure if this was after the Exodus well
just looking at his face I'm assuming
it's after wow that's nice he looks like
crap
come on Tamala let's see a little smile
come on no is that what that is perfect
for people who don't know
go ahead between the filming of Star
Wars and Empire God Mark Hamill was in a
horrible car accident that that ruined
his race it turned him into the Joker
yeah that's a bad joke that's a joke in
poor taste thank you
basically the accident fucked up his
face and that's why in the beginning of
empire the first thing that happens to
Luke is he gets hit in the face by a
giant monster yes but he didn't wait
carry Frischer hit him in the face so in
the Star Wars special in the Star Wars
special he has so much makeup on his
face and his hair is over his his
forehead where they are covering
something up absolutely so this is after
accident they didn't want to put him
into much of the Star Wars Holiday
Special possibly because of the accident
I don't know so they just put him in
charged with a smoke machine I gotta get
back to this engine I think we might
have it solved what is going on with all
the smoke
he's Luke is in charge of the smoke
machine alergy problem this comedy they
said he said have a whole bunch of smoke
in front of my face yeah because I just
got mauled by Carrie Fisher what are you
saying allegedly a car accident was like
a cover yeah like like like like
someone's Hamill spilled some coke on
his cheek and Carrie Fisher he was
playing hide the coke of Carrie Fisher's
as she mauled him she won if you move
across the hair that son is forehead you
see like nose indentations well if we're
talking about the original cast of Star
Wars with this movie the other one
that's in this of course is Harrison
Ford
all of you are an important part of my
oh I'm glad I could be here we see on
camera the moment when he stopped caring
about it at this moment Harrison Ford
realized he was too good for this what's
the point where he gave up yeah so I was
supposed am supposed to die off the
absolute second when he said fuck this
I'm phoning it in from here on out here
on after that he was always working
around the car I already worked around
the clock so the big question is what
happens in the Star Wars Holiday Special
J what's going on well there's a hole
basically like a framework to hang it's
a variety show and and so the framework
that all the little skits are hung on is
Chewbacca is trying to get home to his
family
I know your family's waiting I know it's
an important day and life day is a
holiday in which they do something this
holiday is yours but we all share with
you the hope that this day brings us
closer to freedom and to harmony into
peace no matter how different we appear
we're all the same and our struggle
against the powers of evil of darkness I
hope that this day will always be a day
of joy in which we can reconfirm our
dedication and our courage and more than
anything else
I love for one another this is the
promise of the Tree of Life till they
spent all their money getting all the
main Star Wars actors
that's impossible for one day all we
have left well we got left is Harvey
Korman money oh hey Arthur hey don't be
Harvey Korman you poo-poo be Arthur
Carney Korman was not in the most
successful movie ever made
I have poo-pooed be Arthur the golden
shower girl I've been there two golden
girls one depends uh this is the first
appearance of borba fed yes which was a
cartoon character but yeah we've
discussed the overall story was also a -
cartoon what is cartoon character I was
also in the cartoon and the thing what
what was that we've talked about life
day we've talked about um solo and
Carrie Fisher being out of her mind on
blow uh so finally his life day a little
too close to Kwanzaa well I think I
think life days a few weeks earlier
should they're not that close
that's pretty good that's pretty good so
this entire time that Han Solo and
Chewbacca are trying to get back to the
Wookiee planet for her life day
stormtroopers show up
star wars are here hey the star wars
happened came everybody at the the
Chewbacca we don't get their last names
ever they all de step first name the
Bacchus the Bacchus the Bacchus
residence mom Ibaka itchy baka and
Chewbacca and and uh lumpy baka
dumpy-dumpy baka Monty man made vodka
lumpy baka is a bad name that kid
rubbing his back sounds like some kind
of cancer all I know is they didn't
bring up life day it's a Wookiee cancer
you have a lumpy pocket Oh No so then
stormtroopers show up and they're
searching the house for some reason I
don't know isn't it why do they suspect
us working families Ronald I don't give
a shit but then then han Solo and
Chewbacca show up without any sort of
set up Chewbacca just kind of runs into
frame because the the imperial officer
leaves one stormtrooper behind yes and
says stay and kind of point your gun at
people but never kill them
Oh
well oh you died that's what I like at
my Christmas specials day thankfully the
storm trooper exposed a completely
faulty banister yeah which which could
have killed scratchy itchy and hooch
it's true he called all the members of
the Wookiee family all could have just
leaned on that balcony and had to
collect well they established earlier
that itchy it what's the kid lumpy lumpy
Oh a cheese the grandpa the grandpa
should not be walking on the the railing
but it but lumpy does lumpy bees they
were saying earlier he's like like he
could have just fall it but they'll
think of these claps it was a very very
flimsy railing yes what you know when
you live thousand feet up in the trees
you you want good railings I would like
a good railings are crucial though this
might be the first time in Star Wars
we've ever seen a railing
although Carrie Fisher did lots of rails
after fortunately nobody's going to
investigate the dead storm trooper is
this a report about the missing trooper
and it's a trooper b-47 11 was here with
three other men they left then he
remained as soon as they had gone he
packed a lot of food from this house me
rob me blind then he took off for the
hills
very well we'll send out a search party
he stole food and left he went into the
hills so yeah and then they're fine with
that like yeah that 3/1 be this story
checks out trust you are Carney the
commander should have said I don't
believe anyone's told your food Art
Carney Oh picture you're looking at
right now is taking quite a few years
ago that's that one of me I've gained
quite a bit of weight since then so we
were investigating you for rebel
connections and then our super just
stole your food and went to the hills
I believe that yep done moving on move
along
I would say from a Milan yeah I guess I
would say conversation was boring me
anyway that was also a Star Wars I not
get then that's when Han Solo said that
and before he shot up after he shot up
the yeah but um from a purely
bureaucratic sense the the guy the
Imperial guy probably is just like
whatever we have a hundred and fifty
million stormtroopers we are rands
ransacking this this wookie house and
and smashing a poor wookie child's toys
looking for some sort of vague
connection to rebels like okay one guys
missing who gives a fuck yeah I have
other things to do and then yeah we have
a Death Star
build spoiler yeah we haven't done oh
yeah we have leaf we're already working
on that so that's the basic story of
holiday special you're forgetting about
the thing that makes the Star Wars
Holiday Special special is the random
entertainment well that's that's the
thing is it is essentially a variety
show and what we've talked about is the
overall story because that's the
interesting part of it if you want to go
oh that's left is the variety elements
which are terrible
Ichi or scratchy or poochy poochy poochy
the the little baby Wookiee watch a
bunch the the very first circus lumpy
watch the very first sinkhole a concert
oh that's right yeah yeah which was
Cirque du Soleil
Chewbacca's son yes who I may not have
been from a previous marriage
lumpy one wait is his name really lumpy
his name's really I thought I was making
that up as a joke
no his name is like they call him lumpy
and his real name may be Lim baka but
but he's family cause some lumpy lumpy
lumpy opens up some kind of thing which
is reminiscent of the chess board yeah
yeah from a new hope yes and he's
watching holographic humanoids do like a
Cirque du Soleil kind of thing yeah and
that's our first introduction of a
musical number
variety shows are usually like you have
a musical guest we have a stand-up comic
or you like I mean I guess this is
supposed to be this is like we're
supposed to be entertained by those yeah
it's so disconnected from the audience
where we're not sure yeah right yeah
we're supposed to be enjoying it or
we're supposed to be watching lumpy
enjoy it right and that that is the
downfall the point being that nobody's
enjoying it we cut back to itch e 1p
lumpy we come back to lumpy and he's
like and it's like we don't know what he
like it
there's no subtitle so he could be
saying this sucks we have no idea the
the pitch of this was obviously like oh
we'll be in the wookie house and the
Wookiees have lots of screens or
Holograms or monitors and they'll just
keep looking at stuff and then we'll
show entertaining things out well though
the pitch was we want to do a Bob Hope
style
Bing Crosby Christmas variety thang -
how do we shoehorn that the Star Wars
unless every video wookies looking I'll
be Wookiees and everything is gonna be a
TV a grandpa wookie will become sexually
aroused by a black woman oh gee
I thought you might like this one of
those that that's a really kind of hard
to explain it's a yeah
Wow you know what I mean
yeah it's it's for a virtual porn that's
what yeah what has to watch it in a
special chamber or no one else can see
what he's watching they will see him
masturbate
oh I
starwars everybody showers doors
captures yeah Marty laser guns mommy oh
yeah right you're the silly droids where
is anything I want to see spaceships
Diahann Carroll um
sing something terribly well no she
sings okay and it's nothing is horrible
yeah it's not just her singing though
she was like she was like whispering
things to him I'm getting you a message
and an art Carmichael that's not a real
man what's his name I'm sure there is
somebody named her like a carnival
Heartgard hernia art garfunkel slips
grandpa this special like chip and he
says hey grandpa
this is the good stuff yeah he does say
that I know your grandkids in the room
next yeah but watch this part basically
it's a space horn yeah spaceborne and so
Diane Lane kind of was whispering sweet
nothings diner Lane Dicky one Diane Lane
thought it was Diane Keaton Diane Keaton
yeah Buster Keaton
Ryan Keaton and Busta Rhymes and buster
fine
Oh
anyway she sings a horrible song and and
the wookie the old elderly wookie is
getting off to it and in his virtual
reality helmet yeah which is basically
just a 1960s hairdryer yeah with a blast
shield with the blast shell also it's
weird like black feel down I can't see
anything now am I supposed to fight how
am i sposta master jerk ah so that's a
segment but but also like can we talk
about the amount of electronics this
household has they have the the
holographic table where we see the
acrobats they have the computer phone
where they see the cantina they have the
other computer phone where they see
Princess Leia they have a screen in the
kitchen where they see the cooking show
and they have a screen in the kids
bedroom yes where he sees the electronic
show and they have the virtual reality
machine but but the Wookiees live in a
Swiss Family Robinson house yeah in the
tree
Oh what's up you take the trash wouldn't
house for the space door uncomfortable
with that which we should what's awesome
we should mention oh fuck it was my
tooth you spit it on my drink dog we
should mention that as as seen on the
back was enough of this holiday special
yes the the wookie houses are homes that
are in the trees which we think were
inspired by Ralph McQuarrie art yes look
very similar to the cache chic homes
that are depicted in star wars 3 and so
one must wonder did George Lucas know
that whoever the artist was who did the
artwork for Star Wars 3 was was using
the same exact imagery that was used in
the Star Wars Holiday Special
we probably did not remember you don't
think so I think I think he proved this
back at the time they put the artwork in
front of me so that's fine and he went
back to you know looking at his bank
account and then a debt couple decades
later they showed him that exact same
image for a Revenge of the Sith and he
said oh it's fine
I think Lucas is just fascinated with
tree houses like like his father didn't
build up a tree house but haha I guess
the wookie sin live in tree house yeah
you watched live in tree houses yeah
he's just trying to make up for the fact
that he never had a treehouse that's
pretty good you ever want to - Lucas reg
- it's got a sign on the door it says no
girls allowed you got to climb up the
ladder to get into the CGI rooms
I found him I found him Pixar right over
there on that bridge okay so we've got a
fake fake Diana Ross sings your song yes
as the elderly Wookiee masturbates Oh
Diana Ross I'm not Diana Ross singing
some kind of erotic soul song you have
elderly wookie who's masturbating in a
science fiction shoe that's not what
comes to mind and then not mama wookie
goes into the kitchen to cook some food
Oh God and she watches a cooking program
hosted by a Harvey Korman in his heart
beeps cosplay costume her beeps is film
starring Andy Kaufman and Bernadette
Peters Mike is gone and this goes on for
a very long time whip what does he keep
saying whip and stir it bins to whether
it's stir so good so good lips touch so
good so this hipster
come on faster all together now cooking
can be fun so this is Harvey Korman
directed by George Lucas is ready
supposedly supposedly
he was not on you are you are you making
up this mythology and that word bird was
on set every day it goes on he whips his
hair back and he moves his hair back and
forth for 35 minutes that's that's where
you wonder like did they just say Harvey
Korman you're a robot cooking show host
action he was in a just made everything
up they said here Harvey Korman we're
doing this this comedy skit and Harvey
Korman said okay where's the script and
they said what yeah its feet
beat feet so quick so hip feet step
that's not like I'm sorry the the the
Empire shows up that's when they first
show up okay like a an officer and
there's two stormtroopers and they show
up at Chewbacca's house all right then
it's the search of the residence
they're looking for daily rebel check I
don't know a daily rebel check to every
household drop the entire universe but
for some reason they go there and we're
gonna go through all your stuff and Art
Carney is there this plot is more
intricate and hard to follow than any of
the actual Star Wars
anyway Art Carney shows up and he has a
box anybody opens it up the Jefferson
Starship is playing yeah and he says
Empire our Empire guy with dark Death
Star Darth guy dark a guy with a black
helmet
watch this dark helmet this is a 1970s
band and they're gonna play some kind of
generic rock song and you're gonna like
it and he did any day
why is everything a space TV I know
you'd like it I didn't
can we all agree that out of all the the
musical numbers and entertainment
portions that the Bea Arthur musical
segments in the Mos Eisley cantina is
the best just one more round friend then
a homeward bound friend don't forget me
in your dreams just one more song friend
and I'm so long friend Harvey Korman
comes in any key for his liquor into his
brain there's a set of top said oh
you're too ok yeah no but they are
watching it on a mod they're watching it
on a monitor time now for life on
Tatooine brought to viewers everywhere
in the hope that our own lives may be
uplifted by the comparison look at these
people they suck so you should feel
better about your life hop again yeah
yeah and so then Harvey Korman walks
into the Mos Eisley cantina
and the era that gives him a drink and
He pours it into his brain funny part is
that P Arthur does that in real life yes
so the point of that segment was you son
I get it I get it I guess I get the
important for those nice talk so Harvey
Korman for like five minutes before the
song and it's supposed to be like do we
know these characters like they're
setting it up like these are people we
should already know but we don't know
and we don't care and then I'm just I
was just the entire time looking in the
background like oh there's the wolf man
or there's you know hammerhead because
all the the regulars are there yeah
we're all those the actual masks and
stuff they look like yeah some of them
might event oh could have been well that
was neat just one more drop before we
stop
I want to say that perhaps that was the
very first thing that they shot or that
was the first idea like that was the
first segment that they built all of it
around and they just ran out of steam
after that they ran out of money this is
their only senior they had a whole bunch
of steam leftover for when Luke was
working it was all over the phone so
after that is that after that the
animated segment I don't know the order
I guess it doesn't matter
okay so then we then there's an animated
segment which is the lumpy kid is
watching it and it's I guess the whole
time that lumpy got killed
it didn't happen a long time ago they're
probably all dead by now yeah yeah
they're most likely dead a long time ago
in a graveyard firm yeah I think Mike's
lost his I love lumpy leaned a little
too hard on his railing outside storm
trooper system so between like Empire
Return of the Jedi
Chewbacca had to go home for his son's
funeral Chewbacca came home and he
growled
I shouldn't have joined the rebellion to
raise my son
I should I gotta go
Han is in carbonite I got I got aa and
mala is just like you always put on
before your family
what about stinky over here love him
don't you
they've such as Han more than me I'd say
Hana shoots first but that's not exactly
it's something it's something that is
status says that is really good thank
you thank you
The Talisman it makes things invisible I
think is even you we so this is a
fictional cartoon at the Star Wars
universe Luke Skywalker c-3po and r2d2
yes okay fucking than likely and Han
Solo and Chewbacca yeah what Julie Oh
Leia
oh my god this Christ that's careful
what happened I'm so low space in the
animated segment looks like it's about
to fall off of it yeah it's very drawing
once you see Han Solo's face yeah yeah
it looks like Harrison Ford looks now
his his muscles hanging like a foot off
of his face yeah it's a little awkward
to Laird but it stylized is what it like
an if he did you notice like c-3po
spotty whereas there's like I get a tiny
neck a tiny thin black neck and then
like his armor kind of hung around it
r2d2 contorted and bent what's the
matter with our two hey well holding was
weird a little tiny line yes very
interesting though end the best segment
overall you wouldn't count Harvey
Corman's embarrassing how-to video thank
you for selecting our brand of mini
transmitter if you assemble it properly
following the instructions I'm about to
give you disappearing an instructional
video sketch No
and now let's get started shall we know
that this is missus no he's a robot this
is a timid ear sketch he's a robot he's
supposed to look he's glitchy well but
that's the thing is he's supposed to
look like a robot but instead of having
him act like he's glitching they decided
to edit the tape yes which makes no
sense he's an actor he could just glitch
yeah and that would work better for
comedic timing but the weirdest thing is
that somebody thought this would be a
good idea to include in some sort of
holiday special is a how-to video for
technology that doesn't exist now find
the circuit breaker module and by the
way let's start calling these components
by their proper names circuit breaker
can we just get that tongue a clerking
loop for two hours
the important part is that eventually
Chewbacca comes home yeah they hold up
snow globes that make some transport to
an alternate dimension we ultimately
discover where red robes they wear yeah
but not in the real world that's when
they get transported to the other
dimension they're wearing red robes but
that's it's every single Wookiee and
also Princess Leia Han Solo in Luke
Skywalker oh it's easier to eat over
there for something yeah they went to
the dimensions of robots they also
celebrate life day though they married
maybe I had to give her to no tools that
day so whoever made this completely fuck
starwars go great that's amazing and it
doesn't fit at all I think this song is
so bad just put this star background
it's one of the most epic fuck-ups in
the history of always thinking back to
the things that just happened to it in
the first movie no boy what what Jess
why isn't thinking about space Jess he
didn't really well oh well it's a
cultural artifact that people like to
bring up and discuss and talk about but
I would not recommend anyone ever
actually watching it watch like
highlights on YouTube maybe but sitting
through it wears really painful here's
the thing we can't have a discussion
about what wins best of the worst but we
can't have a discussion about whether or
not we think this is worth watching at
least once in your life
Oh jack if you are a big star Wars fan
and you consider yourself that I think
you need to see it at least once only so
you can tell other people who aren't as
big as our stones not to see you know
bother you know you need to be the
aggregator for your friends and say
listen it's because it's not so bad it's
good it's boring it's very boring but as
a creator of content it's fascinating
how it all came about but not
fascinating enough where I'd recommend
it to anyone else
I mean well there's not much actual so
bad it's funny comedy value in this but
I mean isn't there something to having
said yeah I sat through these Star Wars
Holiday Special
yeah there's also something to say yeah
I sat on a tack
you know has other than the Star Wars
name being grafted on this there is no
value I'm glad that I finally seen it
okay because I have never seen it I saw
two minutes of the opening with the
rookies and I was like okay that's
enough but I'm glad I finally saw it now
only if you're a star Wars fan mainly
you know basically if you're a star Wars
fan to see it and then move on it it's
really bad but it's almost beyond
comprehension of how bad it is we we
have a strange overlap where we're both
star wars fans and fans of really bad
movies yes and so if you're in this over
but does this even make the fan of bad
things tear because it does this didn't
have Star Wars on it yes would you give
it as would you watch this beyond one
minute no no if that's that's what makes
an anata tea
if this were 15 years ago and the
internet and all the information that we
have now didn't exists I would say this
is worth seeking out but now you can
find out everything you need to know
about it online without actually having
to sit through it and that's far more
interesting than having to sit through
it that is a great point would you say
that's sitting through it is sort of a
like a rite of passage or no no at all I
don't feel like I have any better
understanding of the Star Wars Holiday
Special now than I did before we watched
it but or or of like Star Wars and it's
this place in you know pop culture or
anything I didn't get anything out of
this other than boredom but you can't
have any context of like the reading
about it without watching it yeah I
think you can you can see highlights I
watch a five minute highlight reel on
YouTube that's all you need to see you
don't need to sit through the whole
thing it's not worth it I think it's no
greater than agree with Jack here you
need you need to sit through it you need
I don't think you do I don't I don't
know that I was that clear and I wasn't
sure myself
when I gave my answer but I think I'm
with you Jay okay
now you don't need to sit there you
don't need to sit you know and this
watch I highlighted in this day and age
you don't need to but you can't talk
about something in context without
having news but do you need to talk
about this no no I'm fine it's like
you're gonna talk about this but a
holiday special you should have at least
seen it okay the entire thing not just a
clip you can't just say oh I've seen the
BR through so okay if you want to have a
serious in-depth discussion about the
Star Wars Holiday Special then yes you
definitely should watch it nobody should
want to have that discussion no that's
like saying I the desert is hot yeah yes
is the desert is hot but until you leave
walked through it for 24 hours with no
water yeah you can't truly describe how
hot the desert is you have to see the
whole thing but you may find yourself in
a situation where you are stranded in
the desert where there's never gonna be
a situation where you need to watch the
Star Wars Holiday Special
uh yeah I think the consensus is if you
want to see the Star Wars Holiday
Special
you should watch the Star Wars Holiday
Special no no no no not not just that
okay if you want to complain about how
bad the Star Wars Holiday Special is how
can you need to have watched it from
beginning to end that's fair enough if
you have not you have no right to
complain about how bad ok that's fair
it's a rite of passage here's a better
question now normally on best of the
worst
we destroy the worst movie obviously we
have three copies of the same movie here
should we destroy this absolutely I
think we should study it and write a 500
page scientific article about it and
then destroy it I do not think it needs
to be destroyed
because George Lucas allowed it to
happen
and because of that
tremendous failure on his part yes it
deserves to be not only destroyed but in
a best of the worst first duplicated oh
my god you write you read my mind
Mike's the glossa because I was going to
say we should not destroy it simply
because it's George Lucas we should not
destroy because George Lucas wants to
destroy it that's why it should continue
on forever
Jordan are we gonna gift wrap this and
just give it out that's great great
George Lucas needed to be more attuned
he needed to be more in control he
needed to be more on hand yeah and say
this is this is bad I'm in control
because he didn't yes he has failed yeah
it's a Christmas miracle
only
