Sep 5, 2014
A Conversation with Samurai Cop star Matt Hannon (part 2 of 2)
youtube.com/watch?v=zMsWmsR8Smk
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/507890726353793024
redlettermedia.com/a-conversation-with-samurai-cop-star-matt-hannon-part-2-of-2

well moving on then to after the movie
was done not only after you thought it
was done but when it was the real real
the real finished movie you'd mentioned
before I think that you saw two VHS dub
with a timecode on it did you see the
whole movie there or was it just clips
no I actually went to a mirrors office
and then he finally gave me the full
movie on cassette but it had the
timecode it wasn't one without but that
yeah once I looked at the whole thing
throughout just like oh man
so my initial was just like it's exactly
what I thought it would be but it's just
like I'm glad no one's ever going to see
it because I thought he's never going to
be able to stuff this to anybody the
movie was actually finished right yeah
we had theories that someone found a
like a work print of it mainly due to
the color timing being off and certain
loops you and I got nothing to do let's
fuck shut up that's why it was funny
because even in the looping like I've
said before 80% of those voices are a
mirror in no way we cool under Jia mo
you stay here wait
all those voices are there and then it's
just funny that's why funny for me to
hear him loop so many stuff and why
didn't he just call somebody in to do
and I understand he would had to pay him
but mark and I did come in and we did
our looping and then that's why I said
Mark Luke Walt Disney's voice that did
are you expecting anybody that's a
warning bell mark didn't remember it but
yeah my initial impression was I watched
like wow man that's just crazy I mean it
was just terrible but and then yeah I
mean I think I sent it to my Paris was
the movie I didn't hear to say yeah
that's great
was there a proper release of the movie
was there premiere and Hum the last time
that I saw anything about the movies
with that AFM film art and they were
marketing it and I went down to meet a
mirror just to see how things were going
but I never heard anything I had to just
scramble to get just the footage that I
got which was that time-coded VHS copy
for me to pull for my reel yeah never
never released stayed and and it I don't
know I think maybe one guy bought the
option in Europe but nothing yeah we
never got to have a wrap party because
every day we left we knew you back but
yeah nothing nothing professional ever
came out the samurai cops spoil acting
for you like no yeah people ask me that
did you change your name this is the
movie and it's like no I mean I I just
thought all right I'll take the footage
as I can and I knew it's not going to go
anywhere see you later bye
you just get lucky if you get anything
so as you as you keep going on you just
want to get in a good movie in a small
part and then that's the way I think
you're supposed to work your way up not
just come right in because this is
obviously what happens when you think oh
I'm the best actor in the world any like
really
you got to ting an interview in a dumpy
warehouse this sounds no but this is
this is a this is fun I love it that's
for the fans and I'm happy to be here
with you guys but yeah I mean that's
because now we realize it is what it is
and I've had enough years go by it's
like I parole 25 to life alright I'm out
now that's in the past and I'm moving on
so was there at what point did you kind
of discover that the movie did have war
was developing a cult following I'd say
in to uh 2010
or maybe oh nine just from IMDB I would
google my name and that would still pop
up and then I would see the posts and
then they're hoarding your stuff on
YouTube so I saw that there was a
following didn't realize it was as big
as the day when I posted my video on
YouTube alright alright here's the video
everybody needs to see a video is the
samurai cops still alive yes I am if
anyone doesn't know I guess people
thought you were dead yeah and then he
posted a video saying hey I'm alive yeah
my daughter had and she's in her last
year of film school and and she even
knew it was a hokey movie and I was
embarrassed that she saw it even at an
earlier age you know when kids at her
age were going through YouTube and she
could actually see the movie because I
thought well that's hidden I got the VHS
no one will ever see it but then all of
a suddent was out there and then she
just said dad you should let him know
that you're still alive
you know and I'm like no I'm just fine
let him think I'm gone and then she said
just do a little post or something and
then I had set that camera up in my
place and I had my share sure I was just
hanging out of my house shorts on shirt
off the samurai cop still lives when a
fucking retarded film and I put it up
and I did my little spiel and then I
sent it to her and I said hey if I do
something is this what you would want me
to do and then right when she had that
she put it out because she's the one
that set up the YouTube I don't know how
to do any of that uploading and she goes
hey Dad I put it out there and I said
what I just slept out I got I'm kidding
me are you and I was just like cuz I
said what a douchebag with the shirt off
but anyway so yeah I had no idea that
would have been I mean it's fun but
that's what we talked about earlier it's
just one of those things you never think
coming out of left field that would that
would you know shine attention on you or
you know you're acting or if you ever
thought you wanted to get back into it
that would be the catalyst that started
at all so they were working on samurai
cop two before Gregg hot tanaka had felt
that there seems to be a fan base out
there maybe we should put something
together and they were talking about a
little low budget they had that kind of
the premise of what they're doing now
with the vigilante girls and then once
the world found out I was alive it
really changed the game because it's
like we can partner these two up again
now and put him in another situation 25
years later and that's when things just
got green like fist the fast money was
pouring in and it was just like okay
we're ready to shoot November script is
yet they had to tweak the script a
little because of before I think they
were going to use my daughter Joe
samurais daughter to go that's not what
I had right I think it was an interview
was yeah pressure he said a bar could
partner up and again and I felt bad
because I had no contact with mark for
years and then you know like I said when
we first spoke after I came back to life
and I called him it you know first thing
out of his mouth was oh man I'm so glad
you're alive he was like you fucked up
my film man I was gonna be the star I
didn't want to be the sidekick and I go
no man this is always a buddy cop I
understand I was samurai cop but it was
really mark and I together and we played
off each other so I think that same
chemistry and that Lethal Weapon vein
will work so but I just felt bad you
know I did I didn't know it was gonna be
what it's become but I'm happy I think
it's fun now and I'm enjoying it so
that's why I think you know he'll be I
think in the end will will be happy with
what comes out and what they want is
results that's what we're gonna give
them we're gonna give them the results
well samurai comp is a movie that's so
bad that it's entertaining there's a lot
of movies out there like it that have
resurfaced troll to the room I don't
know are you a fan of these oh that's
why I keep wanting to watch and see
and compared to see what people were
talking about there in making a sequel
to that how do you recapture that kind
of magic that lightning in a bottle
like is have you read this I'm assuming
you've read the script you know that day
and again that's why it's nice that I'm
surrendering once again to the film
producer and director
haaah Tanaka and his guys to come up
with that but I did address that in my
initial meeting I said you know I'm
looking at it from a comedic point of
view what are you guys kind of you know
looking at because I said I really I
agree with you you can't that magic is
the movie is what it is you can't become
self-aware of it you can you can fiddle
faddle with it but he basically said and
he's been a real true fan of the movie
so I know he's going to do the best
thing like I've said before he's worked
with some very prominent film directors
and his style of film and story I think
is going to be good but again he keeps
me in the dark because he wants me to be
surprised but he just guarantees me that
it won't be you know as embarrassing is
which I already knew I mean I don't
think you can replicate a mirror's
dialogue and again that's the magic of
well that's what we were curious about
are they going to try and write bizarre
I don't think so I think he purposely
wants to make sure that it's not that
because I think I think he wants to make
it that it's as a standalone and with
some you know tips of the hat to the
original yeah it's a fine line when
doing doing a sequel to a movie like
this do you take it - you've take it to
comedic - self-referential it you know
could blow up in your face it could you
don't want to do take too seriously
anyone have nods to the original but
yeah it's a hard thing I wouldn't even
know where to start now approaching
something like that yeah the the closest
comparison we can make is deadly prey
and deadliest prey which is the first
movie people like it for its faults same
with samurai cop like that's what makes
the movie gray correct um and then they
made deadliest prey and luckily the same
filmmaker and he didn't doesn't seem to
even be aware of that being the reason
so he just made another genuine movie
that was also bad so did it racial where
it kind of because he wasn't cognizant
because he yeah he wasn't trying to like
capitalize on oh we're making a funny
bad movie now or something intentionally
bad like like a sharknado type movie
yeah just made another deadly prey movie
and so yeah we were just curious now
this is you know younger filmmakers new
filmmakers coming onto samurai cop -
yeah yeah totally what what the
intentions are because it's such a
bizarre thing that try and do and that's
why I thought it's nice for me again as
an actor it's almost deja vu once again
I'm going to surrender and whatever he
writes then I'll obviously do and I
believe he's
you know said mark and I could have a
little bit more input but that that
pressure I think is more on yeah the guy
coming up with the script and I'm just
coming back being me again and trying to
do better for me as an actor that I
wasn't doing any acting this is it's
nice gift for me for redemption to see
have I grown because I've taken no
lessons nothing since but I've lived as
you guys know a very colorful life in
the last 25 years which really kind of
makes up the essence of who you are what
you put on screen like we said and
samurai cop there was no character Aamir
just said the guys from San Diego and
that's all I knew what more do you need
so now it's like nowhere he's just greg
develop a more backstory you know I
don't know and I'm open to that but you
know I just I think my bar so low I
can't I don't know if I can fail so once
these trained by the Masters in Japan
yes yes he's not just from sanity okay
he's been there a week you know
everybody everywhere knows everybody in
the hospital every cops name and he has
a nice house yeah I was making some good
dough and those drug lords they have to
rent a boat oh yeah when they're doing
the drug exchange at the beginning of
samurai cop he seemed coming up on the
boat there's the rental sign outside
it's just the rear I mean yeah and
though in the helicopter and that's why
it's great I think the helicopter scene
that he stopped with Melissa they did do
the aerial photos which you see in the
beginning that wasn't stock footage and
then they landed and then that was just
he just had the guys set on the tarmac
and she did her so you know oh it's up
and ready you just keep it warm it's
warming
well you had mentioned that the the
money's in place so they have the budget
but there is a Kickstarter going on what
is the money for that being used for I
think that's and he said that it's
basically going to be used for CGI and
special I mean whatever weaponry I mean
I think he has some visions of what he
wants to do and it basically boosts up
the budget I guess and that's what a lot
of films do now for fun for the fans
they have the Kickstarter's so that they
can feel like they're part of it or you
know somewhat involved in it but I think
that's basically what he's gearing it
for maybe rehearsal time yeah which
let's spend all that on really my
December my camera cop movie needs CGI
how much does a rubber arm cost
damn so when is samurai cop to plan to
be done released I thought they were
gonna try and time it for June of next
year during Comic Con which is the
actual 25 year anniversary from when we
started in 90 and then he was talking
about having it in some festivals and
again that's I don't know that's
business talk I don't know if they do
that for distribution and or what but I
heard a lot of that's already locked in
so it's like up in the air I don't know
if but I know that they'll probably have
a lock print easily by January and then
sometime in 2015 it'll it'll come out so
has there been in the time between the
first movie and now that you've sort of
reinvent anyone in your normal everyday
life that has recognized you as the
samurai cop no yeah which was nice
because somebody asked me that the other
day they said what was your first job
after you finished samurai cop and I
said hiding I just I didn't want anybody
to see me or know that I was attached to
that but no yeah most people like even
when I fly because I've been my normal
work I travel the country and people see
me and I think it's because of the odd
look they think they know me from
somewhere like even today when I got on
the plane the guy behind me go this
guy's Ramah what do you think you know
they say things so I get that a lot but
nobody has anything pinpointed you know
so I just held nothing because I'm not
going to say oh I did share a cop did
you ever see you need to carry copies of
the DVD around with you and if I say
where do I recognize you just hand it to
him and don't say a word and then walk
away that has to be prefaced like I
don't know before I give this to you let
me explain that's what I had to used to
do at least now that's what I said from
this at least there's something attached
to the actual movie if people see it as
I okay well what really happened before
there was nothing and that was what was
hard for me to go oh I wish I could tell
him about the wig or this or that so at
least now I feel like well at least I
got some of it out doesn't excuse any of
the acting any of that that that must
remain as shitty as it was but as far as
the production flaws and everything else
around it and the mystique of a mirror
at least I've got hopefully answer a lot
of those questions have you been
circumcised so samurai cop being
released on blu-ray now yes when when is
that coming I think it's released
September 30th on Amazon
exclusively and that like I said have
all those extra bonuses it'll have my
full commentary of the movie so at least
you can hear me talking scene-by-scene
and revealing a lot of stuff that that I
picked up on that most people didn't
which I was surprised because that
thing's been so nitpick through marks
got full commentary on there and then
there's some interview some behind the
scenes of some of the photoshoots we've
been doing for samurai cop 2 was the Blu
ray prompted by just Yuri emerging or
are they planning on doing a blu-ray um
I think he was planning already and what
the bonus was that now he could actually
add my commentary to instead of going to
robbers at our game that just enhanced
having extra bonus things but I think
they're already we're planning on doing
the blu-ray how did you know I'd come
home with you let's just say I can read
eyes oh like the time is passed and it's
over but it's fun to look back on it
isn't over though it's back it's bad
well yeah it's back now for me to see if
I can do any better than I'm telling you
motherfuckers so hopefully I can do
something better this time that's that's
what's fun for me let me see if I can
redeem myself here with the a the fans
either way I think I win it doesn't
matter if it's crap it's like well
that's what was supposed to be I planned
it that way oh you did better oh thank
you so win-win for me I may stop by so
keep it warm
