Jul 28, 2014
Sonic, The Most Overrated Game Ever?
youtube.com/watch?v=WYDsz1NFBJw
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/493927550347788291
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-sonic-the-most-overrated-game-ever/

Irish hi John
can we talk about Sonic and the Hedgehog
here is my hypothesis
Sonic the Hedgehog is the most overrated
game ever
controversy can traverse 11 Sonic is now
part of gaming's history he is a
character that's still making games
today he's a classic up there with Mario
and I don't think any of that is
deserved because as a boy I remember
those games being terrible now could
this just be you it could be me and it
could be that I haven't played the games
in 20 years and so maybe the games are
brilliant so what I would like to do for
this episode is have us play the
original Sonic the Hedgehog games for
the Genesis and see if they're any good
and you're just talking about like
classic Sonic games clap I don't want to
go any further don't care about the
sonic adventure the sonic racing or the
because because all of those games were
symptoms of Sonic being a classic video
game character okay so where do we begin
here well well let's go play the game oh
that we're sitting down we're not going
anywhere do you think people know that
we've already played the games and we're
this filming me right whatever
let them little pretend when everyone
knows we're pretending we're pretending
it's a thing okay it's just a thing
oh great I feel like I'm doing great you
can easily compare Sonic
with the original Super Mario Brothers
yeah it is just a platformer and you
jump on things that's it much like Mario
the original Mario at the end of every
level you'd have to fight Bowser and at
the end of each world here you have to
fight dr. Robotnik reading the manual I
got to say the first thing that strikes
me as odd is that Sonic apparently just
his shoes I thought there was like a row
he was like a Robotnik genetic
experiment that turned against Robotnik
but now he just has shoes well no he has
two things he has shoes and an attitude
the goal of the game according to the
story is just to defeat dr. Robotnik and
if you notice when you destroy the
robots it turns into a little animal
friend I'm suing Robotnik cuz but small
animals in - yeah he's transformed them
it's a little robots why to take over
the world why they're his robot minions
he can't just why does he mean the small
animal he can't just put a robot in a
robot ah why would you put the fluffy
bunny into the robotic fish it doesn't
make any fucking sense
no no really doesn't as as far as take
over the world schemes go Robotnik has
one of the lamest ones when you break
the animal out of the machine the animal
is really happy and then runs away and
so if the animal was controlling the
machine wouldn't the machine just run
away yes and not try to kill Sonic yes
and so then it's like did he have them
also under mind control you could put a
chicken into a robot what did the robot
just try to find worms all day right no
like using its giant robot claw like
digging to the ground he has an army of
rodent and chicken robots they'd spent
all day foraging for food they would be
the worst minions Sonic to me only
exists as a marketing tool you know the
the Super Nintendo was coming out Sega
had their 16-bit machine coming out and
they needed a way to differentiate
themselves from Nintendo well I think
even Sega recognized at the time that
Nintendo was a little bit nerdy like
like the Nintendo characters are bright
and colorful like Mario there's nothing
edgy at all about Mario you're a pudgy
plumber and you ride a happy dinosaur
through Mushroom Kingdom so so Sega
wanted to counter this by by looking
edge
well Mario Mario was the mascot just
feels prior was really fuckin good
Mario wasn't created to be a mascot
Mario just became one because love for
Mario that was had by all
Sega needed a game that they could call
their own in a mascot that would help
sell console they needed a Mario maybe
do tomorrow's you would buy in the day
back in the day like I wanted a Super
Nintendo just for Super Mario World
just that one game and alone was enough
to get me you know I just kid I didn't
have money in my own at the time but I
would spent $300 on a fucking Super
Nintendo just to play Super Mario World
and and Sega wanted that so they needed
to manufacture a mascot
but there was there's another important
gimmick oh yeah what do you give me
gimmick is blast proccesing which which
apparently really is a thing but we had
to look this up
so what's blast proccesing Duke it's
their marketing spin for RAM
optimization yeah right yeah
it is a real thing and apparently it did
give the system a bit of a boost so they
wanted a mario clone they wanted their
character to have attitude and they
wanted it to be fast and litter and the
fast element of Sonic is only there to
sell the fast processing of the gap but
what we learned playing this game really
quickly is speed kills oh fuck oh shit
shit fuck everything fuck you need a
coin get coin oh fuck dad you went too
fast
fuck that's you fast laughs fuck you
game don't go fast
don't go fast don't go fast go fast oh
my God my shoes my shoes nice though I
don't know apparently my shoes came
untied
fuck okay so remember the sonic mantra a
fucking hell slow steady slow and steady
fuck this
Oh No fuck you Sonic fucking fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck Bart fart bar fart bar
fuck this whole fucking game fuck tails
tails you dumb motherfucker no no take
it fucking take it fucking fuck fuckity
fuck fuck fuck
it's almost counterintuitive it's it's
the thing they sold the game with going
fast and almost makes the game
unplayable what did you as something I
couldn't see
and don't get hit by that enemy that
blends into the pipework and you can't
kill him because he's in a wall no oh I
told you not to get hit by him this is
you know you have the square screen and
Sonic is in the middle of the screen so
you don't you need to have the whole
screen to play with you have the area in
front of Sonic which is half the screen
so you got this narrow band of things
you can see and Sonic can move so fast
you literally have zero time to react
now wait a second rich Evans we can take
a look back at the footage and see
exactly how much time you are given okay
so we're recording this gameplay footage
at 30 frames per second so as we tick
through the individual frames we can see
exactly eight eight frames that's about
1/4 of a second fuck this game we
figured out really quickly that we
needed to slow down in order to survive
which you know fine
so our first assumption was that it was
just a Wii we fell for the marketing
gimmick yeah so then we thought maybe
it's just a decent platformer if you
take your time I submit that the game
itself wants you to go fast all the
level design has these little ramps and
you know you go down the ramp to you
pick up speed Sonic himself has an
acceleration yeah when you start walking
with Sonic it is painstakingly slow and
he builds up a little momentum so the
game positively reinforces going fast
it's in the level design it's in the
character movement design and it's in
the special loop-de-loops and it's right
right and it's in like the the selling
point well you know you know why they
have the special ruby lips to put in the
commercial hold them all they this the
illusion that you're at going fast is
actually a functioning part of the
gameplay because you know you the game
can move so fast that you can't possibly
react to what's going on so they stick
in these fancy corpse corkscrews and
loop-de-loops and and cannons and
Springs where you have like literally no
control over where you're going but you
feel like you're doing some really fancy
shit when really the game is basically
playing itself for those 10 seconds
stretches absolutely so sonic has two
modes either you are moving really slow
and being really careful or you have to
put the controller down so sonic can do
his thing that is that is the first
design flaw of the Sonic the Hedgehog
game the second one is just the general
level design the level designs in
stomach very labyrinth esque there's
always multiple branching paths you can
go and sometimes you're you turn around
to go the other way for bids and there's
lots of hidden things and hidden nooks
and crannies that is not conductive to a
game where you're running around really
fast
no no it's almost it's almost as if the
game wants you to slow down and like
take your time explore yes then they
sell it by going really fast but the
game design wants you to be slow and
look around and what's in there oh let
me look in there zooms on
all you want to do is in the
zoom-zoom-zoom in my boom-boom I'm not
sure if that's made up jack gibberish or
if that's actual modern-day hip-hop that
is neither that is a the Spice Girls
it's fundamentally flawed it is it is
fun but I'll agree with that
I'll agree with that Oh
what is it one had glitched so so what
we're learning here is the only reason
sonic has a place in gaming history is
because of his marketing campaign and
and what I think people don't realize
the reason they can't make a good Sonic
game today is because the design is
flawed that's the thing the original
people keep trying to go back to you
know like you can go back and like make
remake an original Mega Man and it would
be great it would be great it has been
great right Mega Man 9 and 10 you can go
back and try to recreate some of that
old Super Mario Magic which they did was
New Super Mario Brothers sonic will
never be great because he never was
great
therefore he earns no place in gaming's
history yet he's still fucking here he's
also famous because this is there was a
lot of good games in the Sega Genesis
taken made a lot of great games and he
was chosen and designed to be their
mascot like Genesis vs Super Nintendo
was the first console war yes and so
like people are remembering the war and
Sonic was just a soldier
so here's my question after spending
several days playing Sonic games
original Sonic games do you think his
place in history is deserved why I think
any games are flawed I don't think
they're bad I can still have fun playing
the Sonic the Hedgehog especially when
I'm rocking the Chaos Emeralds but it's
more than just the game I I think the
fact that he was the mascot of the
Genesis and and what the Genesis was the
gaming I think that is enough I mean how
would you compare his like like there's
something we didn't talk about like
Sonic versus Crash Bandicoot Crash
Bandicoot was a mascot he was the
Playstations mascot the PlayStation is
still around but Crash Bandicoot is not
okay well you know what Sonic is not as
bad as Crash Bandicoot whoa I stand me
right no let's go God again I like your
your revelation that Sonic as the
general in the console war that's what
his place in history is I think
I think that people don't remember how
bad these games are what they had very
limited capacity for good sound effects
what I'm okay with Blum so how about
this I'm gonna take back most overrated
game ever and just call Sonic the
Hedgehog an incredibly overrated game he
is a marketing gimmick that is not
remembered as a marketing gimmick sure
okay all right how's that I'm okay with
that
okay all right so where do we goz
