Dec 23, 2014
The Star Wars Holiday Special
youtube.com/watch?v=_CtUd0yuYN4
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/547441173301035009
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-star-wars-holiday-special

Oh No Oh Merry times rich Evans I listen
I know that last year didn't go very
well for you guys but I have it on good
authority from the baby Jesus things are
gonna go a lot better this year
well if baby Jesus says so well I know a
guy that knows a guy it's all I'm gonna
say all right let's do this
all right Santa what's our what's our
first movie here all right
our first movie all right our first
movie is Star Wars Holiday Special
oh I lost it I lost the movie we got to
open another
you know it's the look the Star Wars
Holiday Special is like two fucking
hours long we're not gonna do that
that's stupid
all right let's let's try the star the
big box try it let's try this alright
have a nice large box here I'm hoping to
liquor ooh another be great
and what is it what is it it's it's to
Star Wars holiday specials Wow what we
do baby Jesus is an asshole
this is not how I wanted to spend
Christmas fuck Christmas they got the
bomb wrong oh my god it looks like a
tiny girl right yeah
this this is this is madness yes but the
fact they don't have subtitles
that's totally a George Lucas idea I
started a search operation it's just a
matter of time before we find the ball
I want the rebels located and identified
if it means searching every household in
the system how many times they got
reused it's so good to see you happy
life day what did you hear that George
Lucas hasn't even watched the new Star
Wars trailer is that true that's true
does anybody care no I didn't see a
great thing online I'm somebody doing a
George Lucas impersonation of George
Lucas watching it was a very good idea I
saw an online thing where someone used a
droid to masturbate that's fucked up why
would anyone he's also what about what
about the movie that we watched what do
we want we watched the Star Wars Holiday
Special
here today this thing Jack talk about
this instead of what you were talking
about before what you what just to be
clear what you were talking about before
was somebody on camera masturbating with
a droid but like using the droid to
simulate it like pretending it was a
peanut right yeah I was embarrassed it
was the our 5d for droid
it was the r5 people from my new hope
that does actually explode right on up
the top of his head so I guess it's it
is pretty phallic but still you have to
be really a sad person yes I have no
self worth or self dignity yes shame or
anything to do just a jerk a droid off
like it was your cock right in a Darth
Vader mask no someone actually really
did it they put a Darth Vader mask on
and like masturbated their droid s their
penis yeah
it was on the internet on the internet
and with theirs gifts of it within five
minutes there were billions of gifts
yeah and what's happening is there
something wrong with your chair sir I'm
sure you having back problems yeah yeah
let's talk about back problems yeah yeah
my back's acting up again
no on to I'm to the holiday special what
happened I don't know
well somebody must know something this
is my first time seeing the Star Wars
Holiday Special
it's not my first time - yeah rich have
you seen it before
once it was as bad as I remember - yeah
yeah yeah my sister I think was out of
Thanksgiving was a sad my father's house
my sister was like there's a Star Wars
Holiday especially like wow wow as many
years ago before the Internet this is
not common knowledge
okay then she had some kind of bootleg
tape that she got at college or somesuch
and we sat down and we watched it her me
and I was I was amazed that this is a
thing whose existence was was like
covered up it was like a men in black
type of thing like I'm not talking about
this thing anymore well George Lucas has
on record is sane and it's on the back
of every possible cover for this if I
had time and a hammer I tracked down
every bootleg copy and smash it so
George Lucas clearly was not
anticipating the Internet at the time No
circa it's like like 2000 oh god mom mm
like 15 years ago so before the
September 11th attacks yes it was before
that I was a wonderful thing to bring up
during this cheerful holiday discussion
about the Star Wars I'm just getting the
time frame yeah younger people that's
probably a good way to approach it
actually you're like free September 11th
both September 11 no Jack it was a
different time back then okay it's true
the world was different it's true not
everybody knew about the Star Wars
Holiday Special
it's true there's a lot of lots of
babies being born yeah September of 2001
not everyone knew about the holiday just
not everyone knew about the Star Wars
Holiday Special
but some
people knew about the September 11th
attack they're very very similar I don't
like this at all
so anyway right you saw this you watch
this on September 11th right that's what
we're talking yes that's what I did it
was just that day I think you know just
disaster was on my mind I that's
understand so obviously this led to the
Star Wars Holiday Special
yes what happened
Mike you said you saw the beginning of
it right yeah with the Wookiees did you
know did you realize them that the
Wookiees would take up 95% of the
special you know i after i watched just
a few minutes i didn't know what to
expect after that okay and i couldn't
take any more yeah and i'm really glad
we watched all 2 hours of it you mean
you weren't you weren't immediately
invested in the character of lumpy and
stinky and itchy well now you have to
answer it answer it on camera on camera
hello hey what's going on it's lumpy
yeah yeah it was it depressing another
funeral oh that's good that's good oh
now we're just gonna drink all
help tell him about the video ok I'm
trying to talk to 8 people this is lower
we're filming a roundtable discussion
about the Star Wars oh and then you
called yeah and someone forgot to turn
off their ring true profession Germanic
I get one phone call every year I will
talk to you later ok all right I've just
been drinking it's just been drinking ok
now back to 911 well does anyone know
the history of the Star Wars Holiday
Special
obviously in 1977 August 1977 summer of
77 the summer of Sam the summer where
Elvis died yes the summer Star Wars was
released and it was a famous movie
obviously Star Wars was a famous movie
The Star Wars was great and it was a big
box office success the next winter I
think he's talking about Smokey and the
Bandit Smokey and the Bandit was a
famous movie the next winter some did
you know was Smokey and the Bandit they
made smokey in the band at 3:00 and the
original idea for it was that the guy
that they couldn't get Burt Reynolds
back so they were gonna get a new guy
and he was going to play both Smokey and
the Bandit like that was like a Klumps
thing yeah it was gonna be the same
actor playing both rows it wasn't gonna
be a new guy wasn't gonna be Jackie
Gleason also playing the band no I don't
even know if Jackie Gleason was gonna be
in it but there was a new guy they hired
to replace Burt Reynolds and he was
gonna play both Smokey and the Bandit
and the movie was gonna be called smokey
is the Bandit what smells like a
terrible they abandon this idea and they
just got a Burt Reynolds clone rich
speaking of terrible ideas this
our Wars Holiday Special was a great
idea what was a terrible idea was to
break into show business I can't believe
these men may control the fate of the
Middle East this is unbelievable
are the two American messengers of God
dead yet this is the wisest does this
look like an oasis here yeah look at the
part those vultures Warren Beatty
Dustin Hoffman Isabelle Adjani written
and directed by Elaine May you know it
was a huge hit when it came out though
with Star Wars and that's what led to
the Star Wars Holiday Special
sure you know back in the 70s and early
80s they were making holiday specials
out of everything yeah that is the dr.
Seuss in Princeton stole Christmas yep
yeah I'm like Brady Bunch like variety
show holiday special something on TV yes
back in 1978 they had three channel
there are three channels yeah and what
were there was a ABC ABC NBC and CBS
right right there was came a little bit
later they came later and they had with
married with children
oh but originally right right but the
original ones were at ABC CBS and yeah
three networks yeah that's something
really important so they literally just
had to fill time that's how shit like
this kiss me that's how shit like this
gets made by one but hey star three two
three four four two three and please
menopause bad for the price of 20
thousands of em on their heads
and just a couple of songwriters I'm
still thinking about like like Fox cuz
you know Fox is a network they didn't
get big till the Simpsons and remember
the first big Simpsons thing
it was the Simpsons holiday special
that's right this all comes together
because the Simpsons originated actually
as a try-catch of The Tracey Ullman Show
absolutely I wish I may and my sister we
used to tune into the Tracey Ullman Show
mmm almond almond almond with an end now
they would literally tune in with rabbit
ears just to watch The Simpsons skin
because Bart Simpson would say damn yes
and we thought it was so funny that a
cartoon character said damn absolutely
now can anyone tell me where my Walker
is there was back in the day a big
hubbub over like the Simpsons and
married with children and as a child
that just made them more enticing I
wanted to watch him because we weren't
supposed to oh yeah absolutely when when
I was terrible when I was a child though
what was really enticing with Star Wars
the motion picture and yeah and they
made a Star Wars how it is I never call
the star was the motion picture they
called start rest I retract the motion
picture which came out in 1979 came out
two years after Star Wars but it was
more influenced by Stanley Kubrick's
2001 for some reason Gene Roddenberry
and Robert Wise who directed Star Trek
the motion picture over Stewie yeah
let's make a fucking two and a half hour
boring movie and not a poff the success
of this amazing action-packed sci-fi
adventure called Star Wars when when
Star Trek Apes off of Star Wars you get
you get JJ Abrams Trek they did that it
was terrible no JJ Abrams wreck was fine
first one just was the one just wasn't
Rickman no no it's not a trick which
it's perfectly in Spock's character to
jump on the flying hover vehicle and
somebody went someone repeatedly in the
face while screaming emotion screaming
I'm gonna murder you you cocksucker
motherfuckers that's that's pretty much
what Leonard Nimoy did with Spock
in the original 1960 loner des moines
just was like a pinch more nuanced yeah
I'd like it's a little bit better I've
always seen Spock as a character who
punches someone in the face over and
over again and crying and crying
speaking of Star Trek have you guys
heard that Robert or see the visionary
genius screenwriter the screenwriting
duo of Robert Orci and Kurtzman Alex
Kurtzman Robert sees no longer direct
slated to direct Star Trek 3 yes it was
gonna be his directorial debut who's
gonna know he's not directing it Robert
Orci and Kurtzman
well yeah he did they split their
writing partnership and said he said I'm
gonna direct Star Trek 3 and now he's
stepping down I don't know why did he
read the script and say this is too
coherent
this makes too much sense I can't be
involved with this I thought you're
going with it was his own script he read
this writing hat and put on his
directing hat what the fuck is this yeah
fired is writer
there's a big Internet push a big push
by the fans to have Jonathan Frakes
director first you obviously should get
the director they should pull George
Lucas out of retirement well you know
George Lucas actually doesn't direct a
lot nowadays he in fact did not direct
or have many much involvement with the
Star Wars Holiday Special
that's true he doesn't show up in the
credits the Star Wars Holiday Special
which is one of those like Alan Smithee
credit things yes true did you know the
fourth Hellraiser movie is credited to
Alan Smithee well Alan Smithee maybe you
should explain what Alan Smithee is the
Sooner name that act directors go by
when they don't want to take credit for
a movie if it goes you know too bad and
I didn't know that when I saw Hellraiser
for so like this movie's really bad who
is this guy Alan Smithee he sucks and
then that's how I found out about the
Alan Smithee pseudonym do they still use
Alan Smithee or is that two famous as a
favor tired it now is
you know I don't know what it is yeah
George Lucas Robert Orci Alex Kurtzman
Oh JJ Abrams there's some money now Ali
pictures George Lucas as the sunny
square on a Hollywood Squares
[Music]
speaking of negative we watch the Star
Wars Holiday Special
yeah there's wookies in this and they
don't speak English they just make
noises and there's no subtitles right
50% of the movies speaking of not
speaking English let's talk about the
immigration issue
now Obama recently passed so like I get
it
that Chuy's nickname is Chuy his real
name is Chewbacca and Luke calls him
Chewie
but where do we get lumpy and stinky
there's one of them stinking itchy itchy
grandpa is itchy lumpy and itchy and no
it was the wife's name mama mom she's
got a name yeah I found the design of
the wife very weird the front of her
face comes out really far right in a way
that's creepy this for better world
sucks on Chewbacca cuz you know I mean a
wookies got to be hung I would imagine I
mean all that first why would you why
are you thinking about big feet he's got
a baby now well we're keys are designed
after dogs so they probably have what do
you call a dog's penis where it's like
inside their body and it comes out don't
think I know they call that the lipstick
when it comes out but I don't know
I meant to baka has a red rocket well
the only one that would know would be
mala and Han Solo right yeah wait I want
to get off topic here and talk about the
cockpit of the Millennium Falcon
yes and this oh yeah we're we're Han
Solo is sitting in like a computer chair
in a tiny it's like the set from the air
airplane interior cockpit set from Ed
Wood mr. wood
where's the compass you're standing in
background looks like like Falken as
painted on cardboard yes it was what it
looks it's really hard to tell though
because the quality of the copy that we
have yeah this was so terrible and
that's true yeah but well but you know
this this is a duplicate of a duplicate
of a duplicate that the the original is
gone is far gone and what we were
speculating on is whether or not the
broadcast station would still have where
someone has to have this material all
right if somebody had it who wasn't
George Lucas a better quality copy would
have leaked by now well there's a ton of
legal contingencies as far as like it's
a good point
if you are a broadcaster you can't just
leak out this kind of stuff without
serious replications because I'm sure
there's there's watermarks there's proof
of where it came and this day and age
though everything gets leads so much
stuff gets leaks mine so if there was a
legitimate copy in in some kind of vault
somewhere I I'm I'm siding with rich
here it's very likely that's an order I
would say that George Lucas himself has
the copy in his salt mines in a salt
mine that's where he stores his
negatives in a salt mine ah to keep the
moisture out that a lot of times they
shot I don't know if you've ever seen
George Romero's Day of the Dead I
haven't that was shot in an underground
salt mine and they actually stored the
mine that they shot it in they stored
film negatives and all sorts of like old
like fill like photo negatives moisture
yeah old like like just the bins of old
like taxes and receipts and all this
shit old boats are down there all sorts
of stuff Day of the Dead is an
underrated movie I think David that's my
favorite is that the city like it's a
city of survival that that's 20 years
later date they the Dead is a great
movie what do you guys agree I think
people like day it doesn't get it's not
as well known but the people who know
about it I think all what is the Dead is
is a great filming concept I think
there's a lot of overacting
the overacting is part of what makes it
great though mainly by Joe pilato Joao
Plata what makes that
I'm looking for no Frankenstein and I
want to know what the fuck you're doing
with my time can I tell the story of the
horror convention you could absolutely
tell your Java Ladouceur and why would I
stop here who wait who's who where what
else would I know Joe pelota no II know
you've seen you've seen you've seen
David
I've not seen Day of the Dead no okay
Jesus Christ it's my favorite of the
Romero zombie we should watch it one of
these we should I would watch it damn
the dead is is is is a great fun the
Romero trilogy are great film yeah
absolutely that's the one with the
beginnings got that zombie in the middle
of the street like the job is yeah yeah
it's the tongue flop yeah yeah yeah I
believe they're in Miami yeah they're in
Florida and there's like an alligator in
the street and zombies everywhere
there's an underground the the second
one of course takes place in a shopping
mall of course the famous is the famous
shopping mall which was remade in 2004
oh poor Donna the dead yes with with
Ving Rhames and Sarah Polley
yes up are written by a James Gunn
written by James Gunn directed by some
assholes directed by hack Schneider who
also directed these Star Wars houses
well let's not talk about Day of the
Dead Joe plot Oh
so salado's what we were day of the dead
takes place in Florida an underground
military base yeah there and there's
it's basically the scientists versus the
military and they butt heads ashore and
and they all go insane because they're
cooped up in this underground base and
there's zombies everywhere but I I
attended a horror convention in 2004 in
Phoenix Arizona and about a hundred
people showed up to the horror
convention because was very poorly
advertised sure and there was about 48
different celebrities there oh my gosh
young Jason he's at every convention
I Bradley was Sid Haig was that good
Haig I wasn't there and I know all the
guests yeah young young Jason is that
like Jason Voorhees as a child yeah and
the first one okay yeah he's in a band
called
first Jason because that's what he's
just clinging to just really clean um oh
my god so many people EULA Bettis was
there from the film a which is that'll
be I'm a big fan of you actually called
me from that convention you're like do
you want to talk to any of these people
no one's around
just do it Stuart Gordon the famous
director yeah I gave them we were making
fun of them to his face I don't know who
he was we gave him a copy of oranges
Revenge of the eggplant like hold this
hold this Stuart Gordon and we're gonna
take pictures of you while you're
holding it and he's like weddings us yes
and Joe Joe plot oh yes oh yeah and then
after that can stay on stay on topic so
I saw I saw Doug Bradley yelling at the
the the guy who ran the convinced hug
Brad don't Bradley played pinhead in the
Hellraiser
thank you and he's like he's like you if
I wonder if I Alan Smithee Larry he was
yelling at him and cursing him out
outside because he he so poorly managed
this horror convention nobody showed up
to it he's like you you're such a
fucking idiot a lot of the people like
the celebrities that attend these
conventions don't make a lot of money
just from attending like I have two
salads to sell their sandwiches and this
is how they make them and I got a
signature from 1040 1040
we haven't gotten to jump along leading
I can't wait I had a table with some
friends of mine from Arizona
a guy named Jeff Doniak who produced who
produced a DVD called 42nd Street
forever which is a big series which is a
big series now of grindhouse trailers
and you know he started that yeah he's
like I'm gonna buy all these old
trailers
and I'm gonna put him on DVD I was like
all right whatever he's like you want
one-fourth of my table for 20 bucks at
this whole work and I'm so sure and then
no one showed up to it yeah and then
oh and then at night everyone's in the
bar it well of course yeah after the
convention that's what you're after
convention and I go up to the bar and
I'm like can I get a drink
I order a drink and next to me ordering
drink is Doug Bradley he's like I need a
drink too oh yeah and then we had we had
a burger with the guy with the deformed
face oh you know chicken wings of
Michael Berryman higher barrier your
life story's better than you
Michael Berryman and everyone's eating
with oh this is the story finally in a
burger and he's eating chicken wings and
it's Michael Berryman who is in The
Hills Have Eyes he's one of the guy the
biker guys at the end of weird science
with the weird face gotten the whole
time the whole time I'm thinking he is
the guy from Goonies I swap sloth
I didn't know I don't know this stuff
but then Joe pilato comes down and Oh
Joe pilato showed up earlier in the day
walking around with his wife and he's
wearing nothing but a bathrobe and he's
drinking in public out of a flask
Scully sure and then he shows up and he
it comes down into the hotel with a
nothing but a bathrobe on
yeah he's like where's the hot tub and
he's wasted what else happened there is
that the story is that the story
that's the Joe pilato stay you didn't
tell him the best way but you had your
joke pilato story ends with no
interaction with Joao Paulo no no I
didn't have personal interaction you
were too busy and chicken wings with
Michael berry house even jiggly that's a
dumb I guess it could be I don't know I
I thought Michael Berryman was sloth and
if I told them that him that in person
he probably would've been offended
because he has some kind of weird like
skin condition there's something wrong
with speaking of sloth did you know that
John Matuszak who played sloth is buried
in the Milwaukee area because he's from
Milwaukee oh he was a football player he
was from I think
Oak Creek oh and then he played for the
Raiders and then he was in Goonies not
the Oak Creek Raiders No
the LA Raiders is that right la vraie or
Oakland Oakland Raiders they were LA
Raiders for a while that's that's what
I'm thinking about yeah so but you
played when he played for them I I don't
know I think it was the Oakland Raiders
when he played for him but either way
he's from this area
he's from the Milwaukee area and he's
and he's he died very young and he's
buried in a cemetery is that a mask or
was that actually his face that was a
mask
those were prizes what they call
prosthetics in the industry I didn't
know if it was like the mood you ever
see the movie mask with Cher yeah that's
a hilarious movie especially the end
that's a real that's a real face then
where he died not in the movie I mean in
that there was a person like that's what
I'm thinking of is maybe he had its
condition like the actor was portraying
in mass you know the guy who directed
masks was Peter Bogdanovich Vaughn Adama
but Bogdanovich bugs ohne bogdani he
didn't direct movies for several years
before masks because his girlfriend was
Dorothy stratten okay who became a
famous Playboy Playmates
she had an abusive boyfriend at the time
that she was trying to get away from
when she left her abusive boyfriend she
ended up dating Peter Bogdanovich okay
and then the abusive boyfriend got
jealous and shot her in the face and
killed himself
when Peter Bogdanovich was so distraught
and upset by this that he just quit
making movies for several years and his
first movie Back was mask wait wait so
Playboy Playmate was dating a guy who
had a face like mask yes that's exactly
what I'm saying
what's then what's the name of the wiki
village is it cuz she it's cuz she's
it's not a village as a planet it's a
planet Kashyyyk and them in this Star
Wars Holiday Special though they call it
kazoo or cashews cashews or kazoo their
shirts is very similar to cashmere yeah
which which is both a Led Zeppelin song
and a region in Pakistan they they have
the cashew gaff where that words like
they can't say kazoo or cashew but it's
not is it
is it a gap it wasn't the sheik at this
point because that didn't exist well and
you know we saw some trailers after the
after the holiday special and they
called princess leia princess leah yes
and so you know but the movies were so
new people just didn't know how to
pronounce that's that's true even in the
movie and star wars they say chorus on
Coruscant like they're pronouncing that
wrong exactly just just not knowing how
to pronounce these characters names did
you get like hands c3p0 you know what
name you can't screw up though lumpy
long lumpy and itchy itchy and you just
screwed it up well everyone how about
the very first appearance of Boba Fett
and the Star Wars universe I mean
there's no more badass of an entrance
than like you have a jetpack a laser gun
and you're riding a dinosaur
I just remembered on the blu-ray boxset
of the entire saga there's a picture
like a painting of Boba Fett riding some
sort of weird feathered dinosaur
creature do you remember this no
actually that's that's an interesting
point speaking of the new Jurassic Park
trailer oh yeah speaking of dinosaurs
they don't the new dinosaurs in the
dress park trailer don't have feathers
and modern science say that dinosaurs
from that period would have feathers and
so they're they're not using current
science no you have to go with
established Jurassic Park canons here's
here's my issue with that though at the
time rustic Park Canon the the DNA was
mixed with frog do I suppose that makes
sense then yeah and the general public
only
1% of them understand the feather thing
well seriously here's the thing that
went when Jurassic Park came out that
furthered the cause of paleontology like
that that actually exposed new ideas and
dinosaurs well that's rich Evans
you might recognize him from an internet
video where he's using our - is this the
guy that jerked off a robot on his cock
I will just sit here silently for the
whole discussion if that's what you
really want like no no tell me about
parallel ology rich rich listen I'm
trying to have a serious talk about
Jurassic Park which is the topic of this
video right we're talking about Charlie
ok because because one night one before
Jurassic Park these people the public
still thought dinosaurs were slow
lumbering reptiles Jurassic park's the
movie that brought the up-to-date
science that dinosaurs were fast and
warm-blooded in Jurassic Park furthered
science and scientific knowledge now the
new one is like taking a step back it's
like we have this new information now
but nope
rich movies aren't about ideas anymore
they're about recycling things you've
seen another movie wait wait how how is
the new on taking science back because
they're ignoring research that's
happening things we know about dinosaurs
know which are feathers well we don't
know that for sure let's say they're
pretty sure about that pretty sure about
that but they're lizards no here's the
thing the thing that we've learned in
the almost 20 years since Jurassic Park
is that they are not lizards don't they
mention that in the first Jurassic Park
movie doesn't a little kid say he was
reading that book by that guy Becker and
he thinks that we may have they may have
evolved from birth absolutely well they
weren't portrayed as lizards lizards in
Jurassic Park they were portrayed as
fast getting warm-blooded latest in
their feathers
yeah because they had to fill in the
gaps of the DNA with the frogs and and
by the way that cannon Desmond's but but
now there's
here's the bigger question how many
goddamn times are they gonna try and
open this park every time they do it a
disaster I saw was the trailer from the
trailer was Chris Pratt on a motorcycle
and dinosaurs running alongside him on
the motorcycle and I said nope
sold sold in in in a shockwave like oh I
get this is what they're doing I'm gone
I'm gone that would be a better way to
put it I've done and done it was like Oh
it's like velociraptors are their
friends now here's here's the new movie
dududu you know and they do this whole
thing and then it's like no ya know it's
gonna be as bad as the third one no
it'sit's I I predicted that it is going
to be the thing that will kill Chris
Pratt's career no this is my prediction
even if okay yeah he's he's connected to
Marvel for one thing they'll be
guardians of the galaxy movies they'll
be Avengers crossovers blah blah
he'll be fine even if the movie sucks
it's gonna make a shitload of money and
he is going to be fine no no one's
career ends anymore for even if the
movies bad it's still gonna make shit
ton of money yeah so he's still gonna be
on a hot streak
even if the movies bad much like people
trying to make a quick buck off of
something I think that's what they were
really doing here with this Star Wars
Holiday Special is they had a hot
property yeah and it was like we need to
churn out some more content to get
people hyped for the new movie
merchandise and what wait a minute there
was only one movie at this point Star
Wars then wasn't what Star Wars was a
couple years later every Empire do
you're saying George Lucas was trying to
make him a buck off Star Wars what I'm
saying is that George Lucas was
exploiting his fans in order to turn a
profit and turn out perhaps a product
that was cheap and quick that's have you
seen the trailer for Terminator Genisys
I Genesis spoke with like Genesis yeah
yeah that's right
they're messing up the timeline yeah
fuck they've already messed up the
timeline that's nothing new was it with
terminator well now they're they're
erasing the entire history of Daenerys
doing it through time travel or start
tracking it yeah yeah
that's what it looks like from the
trailer they go she goes back in time
Kyle Reese goes back in time just like
the first movie and he stops Sarah
Connor from getting the job at the
Denny's vault parents now we know he
goes no no go get our weights on stop
that ice cream ice cream in your apron
he he goes back it looks like in the
trailer he goes back in time to save
Sarah Connor but Sarah Connor and
another Terminator have already saved
her from dads Furminator that Kyle went
back there to save her from but rich do
you remember I'll be back I'll be back
do you remember come with me if you want
to live yeah you get to hear all those
things again yeah it's so exciting to
see the same thing again do you think
we'll hit a point in which the massive
because these things still make money
yes will we hit a point in which the
masses will have enough of this not soon
enough
it may happen eventually but not soon
it's a very good question fanboys are
the dumbest people on the face of
Richard what are you talking about
specific I'm talking about people who
are absolutely fanatical we'll keep
buying and buying something as long as
it has their favorite logo on it so what
you're talking about
are the Hobbit movies because that's
basically the same same shit over and
over well but I guess this is the probe
like I liked the Lord of the Rings
movies I read The Lord of the Rings
books when I was younger I was a big fan
of them I I want to say I went to the
midnight releases of all three Lord of
the Rings movies I'm an idea too so it's
ok really
and I did I went well I went to the
midnight showings of Two Towers and
Return of the King yeah I believe oh we
played me my friends played card games
while we waited for the movies it was
really didn't do that you fucking nerd
here's the thing
there is a thing there's a thing by the
way where people were complaining that
Peter Jackson called the two towers he
had to change the name of it because of
9/11 but he called it the two towers but
the books were called two towers do you
remember this okay in the movie
is called the teapot they said because
of 911 because it came on 2002 something
person to that he needed to change the
name oh they were trying to encourage
him to change and he was he was calling
it the two towers be trying to
capitalize on 911 oh so stupid people
were complaining and we're like they're
the books were called the two towers and
because yeah but I guess it's a wrap
around the story to get back on topic
I'm a Lord of the Rings fan boy oh sure
and I have not seen any of the Hobbit
movies because they look terrible
they lo us have you seen him just out of
any sense of loyalty or in person
they look like bad movies this is the
thing as though they're not terrible
they're just it's just taking you know
this much material and stretching it
right but why would I want to ruin like
The Hobbit is a really nice book it's a
nice light read why would I want to ruin
that with just wait for the inevitable
fan edit or they take all three movies
and they cut it down to 90 minutes and
I'm sure it'll be great because it's
it's still good filmmaking Peter Jackson
is still a good filmmaker it's different
than a George Lucas type sure where he
just forgot how to make movies Peter
Jackson still most how to make a movie
he just doesn't know how to edit George
Lucas on the other hand who did Star
Wars yes the Star Wars Star Wars thing
did the Star Wars he did not he did not
make the Star Wars Holiday Special
No and it's argued that he did not make
Star Wars that's true that's a lot of
that's created and editing yeah a lot of
that was created and editing he shot the
footage for Star Wars yeah and then won
and someone else came in and cleaned it
up and someone a couple of guys came in
and fixed it I like the robots can I
have robots no George we have to cut
this but oh you know something
interesting about the holiday special
what way holiday special the Star Wars
Holiday Special sorry I we need they
made a hard Star Wars holiday we watched
it a couple hours ago three two three
four four two three and
please menopause is bad with the price
of 20,000 to him on their heads just a
couple of songwriters who came to Ishtar
to break into show business
