Aug 31, 2014
A Conversation with Samurai Cop star Matt Hannon (part 1 of 2)
youtube.com/watch?v=W8830UXkTzY
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/506192480702697473d
redlettermedia.com/a-conversation-with-samurai-cop-star-matt-hannon-part-1-of-2

oh I got a lot of shit on you
bingo hi everyone I'm Mike and I'm Jay
and we're here with Matt Hannan's
star of such films as samurai cop so
Matt how are you doing time very well
thank you thanks for having me
now you or the star samurai cop yes
we've been only we've been big fans of
samurai cop we talked about it and one
of the very first episodes of our show
half in the bag in 2011 someone hasn't
seen samurai cop before uh-huh and you
can show them one scene from it to show
how amazing this film is what would that
seam be at the time we didn't know I
didn't see there wasn't a lot of
information about it online it seems to
in the last couple years gonna grown as
far as a cult movie goes yeah and when
we first saw it we had lots and lots of
questions
and I think we we never thought we would
get the answers to them so it was very
exciting that now hopefully we can get
some closure on samurai cop absolutely I
hope I could be help you out with the
biggest question I mean we'll come back
to this but you had said this to me that
there was a print of samurai cop and it
was found in a castle this may be lore
that it was found in a and then I asked
Greg ha Tanaka who owns the rights of
the film now I guess it was found in a
vault a storage facility that stored
films and Greg or a friend of his just
happened to come upon the actual
35-millimeter print that we just sitting
there stored away I think a mirror might
have just taken all of his old stuff and
thrown it in a storage locker and and
that's that's what I heard of where it
came from I like the other one better
though I let's just pretend it was found
in a girls yeah but that makes it a
little bit more like from like by India
like a treasure it's exactly this
treasure yeah that was what I found
he put a equally weighted bag of sand
before getting into the production of
the movie how did you get started in in
Hollywood in acting came okay I grew up
in Portland Oregon did the usual route
did study drama and all that and it got
to a certain point
and then had a family-owned video store
and being around the movies and all that
and then I thought you know what I'm
gonna make that big jump and head to LA
and become a big star was samurai cop
your first acting gig or did you do
smaller parts and other things first or
no that was the second film I did I had
done nothing prior to that no commercial
work no nothing I did a film in November
of 89 called American revenge I should
have killed you myself
I was some coked up drug dealer named
Angelo that wasn't the first one and
then I did samurai cop in June of 90
how did you meet Amir and how did the
whole samurai cop start met Amir through
a friend that I had worked with and he
had done a film with Amir previously a
little day work or something like that
he said he paid him well this so give
him a call and see if he can you know
maybe have something for you because he
was also trying to build up tape for me
too he said you need to get some footage
and I think this guy would work out so I
went to his office met him and the
minute I walked in he just was like oh
this is perfect you're exactly what I'm
looking for so I'm all flattered like oh
this is great then I mean thinking this
is gonna be the big break and then you
gave me the script till we go home you
know read it and then we ended up
shooting I think we started like maybe a
week later so what were your thoughts
upon initially reading the script
samurai cop initial thoughts when I read
it it did seem to me like it was a you
know lethal weapon kind of low-budget
ripoff and then reading through the
dialogue I knew that some of that was
gonna have to be changed just because of
Amir's Iranian accent and then phrases
and verbiage is a little off so I asked
him if I could change things to make it
sound more like what I would say and he
said oh yeah absolutely
absolutely no problem but as we know
later on that didn't happen and yeah
this is the land of opportunity for
legitimate business not for depth
merchants who distribute drugs to our
children through schools and on the
streets it was a good read and I just
thought all good I kept thought oh I'm
in this page okay I'm here so it look
like I would be throughout the whole
movie so I thought okay this is good for
the child probably be able to you're the
lead you're the sack but you never know
I do I come in the first act in a second
but it looked like from start to finish
there I was so it worked out my training
was mostly in the bodyguard work that I
had done was more or less than what I've
explained in other interviews was more
what MMA is today this guy
when it came time for the movie I told
him here I don't have any weapons
samurai training these oh don't worry I
I will make it look good so we literally
with Gerald gerald was the one that
choreographed most of our fight scenes
some of the guys that I do fight scenes
with up like up in that nightclub
whoever was there that was trained and
so we would just come up with something
really quick was literally 15 20 minutes
rehearsal and put it up there that's why
it looks so fantastic
but yeah the samurai thing I had a
problem with that just cuz I said I
thought it was stupid the way that Amir
was shooting it with the swords clanking
young and poor Gerald ah Kimora was just
over there going you know he's an Aikido
master and and and related to that what
does katana mean oh it means Japanese
sword
what does katana mean he's Japanese
sword any any history and stunts doing
stunt work or no we were curious about
that because there's a great scene in
the movie where there's a van chase and
then eventually a guy runs out of the
van on fire yes and on camera you and
Mark Fraser put the guy out and were you
nervous about having that kind of
responsibility put on you oh yeah well
again it was we've gone into so much
guerrilla filmmaking with a mirror that
day when he called us to go up we had no
idea that's what we were shooting so we
get there and I see this guy just
slathering on all this fire retardant
gel all over himself and mark and I are
gone is he gonna it mirrors like he will
light himself on fire and then you guys
will put him out we're like all right
and I'm looking around for a fire
department you know we're like I said
we're in the middle of the wilderness
there yeah and so he just goes there's a
fire extinguisher in the car it was
about this big so within seconds the
guys just poof lights himself up and
mark and I run out and cuz you'll see in
that take I actually cover him with a
blanket and I think he cut it but when I
lift it up he's still completely fire so
we're like going and we're hitting him
again with and he just acted like it was
no big deal it was just another day that
he had well you you see him on camera as
you're running up to him he looks around
yeah Wow
speaking of the the car chase which
leads to a guy on a fire and people
being shot and falling out of cars at
very low velocity and the sped up
footage of cars driving through the
desert which is one of our favorite
sequences in the movie I have a question
which you probably can't answer the blue
van it appears to have a like a
Hollywood Hills
sign on the side which is a dark
mountain with the beams of light coming
off which is usually associated with the
the Hollywood sign like the glamour of
Hollywood at night and we have a theory
that that's is a Mears van from a
production production van well also
somewhat related we're always curious
about a Mears choice of locations like
we thought oh is that his van is that
his production van or something and
there's a sequence in samurai cop where
we've never been able to figure out
what's going on you're looking you're
like in an editing Bay and you're
looking at film we're like why is he
here what is he doing there yeah there's
like an old man who looks like Walt
Disney yeah that's what I call them all
Disney and you guys are looking at film
footage yeah and then apparently it's a
mafia is that what's supposed to be
happy well that's I guess I don't
remember that being in the script but
that's where actually the the facility
where a mirror develop because that's a
chem machine I think the guys looking
through it yeah yeah and but you hear
mark Fraser who's the voiceover of that
old man who could shoot this in a mafia
bosses house said something yeah like
why would you want to look at a mafia
bosses something like that and so I
don't know why but that was obviously
with the new wig in the Hat that was
post and if you look on that you can see
on the calendar in that office
downstairs with a girl as it does say
January 91 cuz I was and that I'd
already had my hair cut short it was
next to the Roger Rabbit poster yeah and
I forget that guy's name that's probably
where and I'm thinking that's the
facility that had the storage vault
that's maybe where
negative of samurai cop I believe and
that's just stories that I keep hearing
is that just Hollywood royal pictures
was that there's that was a Mears movie
that wasn't that facility so it was that
a case of just a mere saying we have
this location I'll just shoot the scene
here and they used that that same scene
in that same office in killing American
style Joe Brown or Joe Oh Joe Brown now
yeah that's his police station that
that's same it's just a reverse angle so
that's the same and so the amir had a
knack for just using same locations what
way that place was an ice cream truck
storage for someone at that place office
he gets a call and he's like alright
I'll handle this for you but that's the
same thing I'm ears point of view is
this way and in Arizona tell us about
the ice cream truck story where's that
oh yeah I did see that 48 ice cream
trucks and then that's also because I
did see the movie that was where the big
robbery took place yeah yeah this dumpy
is about it no ice cream and then
companies raked in that kind of dough
they have giant bags of cash and drawers
well speaking of locations we've come up
with a list number one the house with
the pool which is a very opening scene
of samurai comp yeah my very first day
of filming that was in San Fernando
Valley the same house where we see the
trophies you know later with the Kung Fu
oh that's the same guy whose house is it
some martial art guided okay famous and
he knew a mirror so we did a lot of
shots in that house we were wondering
why the the cop whose house that's
supposed to be why he had all these
martial artists I think some Asian actor
that's a prominent I can't remember his
name is the cop wasn't very good at
martial arts
yeah he got killed yes he wasn't able to
defend himself or his wife um now our
second favorite Amir film is Hollywood
cop I'll explain everything later right
now let's just get out of here not with
you I'd rather die right here than go
with you
um which there's a farmhouse and a barn
and stables and all that and did you oh
is that the same hat isn't that the same
location that he did killing American
style it looks like we through the south
we're wondering if that was his house or
no I think it was a friend of his yeah a
lot of locations were friends of his the
farmhouse with the horses and the barn
is that the same as the log cabin where
the shootout happens at the end of
samurai cop no that's different yeah
that's that's San Fernando Valley
clearing up a lot of things here this is
good yeah and then samurai cops beach
house where he brings out the chocolate
cake happy birthday to you that's the
Venice Beach that's the original the
pool location that's a different no
that's completely different that one
this yeah sorry you're confused every
day I thought where are we going today
the the amusing part is at the end they
go from what we call grandma's house oh
yeah there's a house with a with a big
arcade game in it and it's a mirror's
office
that's him whose office they cut from I
believe a samurai cop moving from one
room to the next and he goes from that
room into like this lavish house with
the staircase
yeah when you confront Fujiya Moe it's
clearly not the same location from shop
to shop yeah that house that we do the
piano in is the house in the very
opening scene where they have they're
very firm there's a tennis court in the
background that's that house okay
the grandmas house is a house in Venice
a second house there was two homes in
Venice where he jumps through the window
yeah
and then the the beach house where I
bring Jennifer right after church and I
said let me show you around my place
that's the beach house the Jennifer's
office of the restaurant is the beach
house okay the birthday-cake kitchen
scene is the beach house okay and our
infamous disgustingly long love scene is
the beach house all right a duvet and
who's Lionhead is that that lady rule in
the house where III kind of vaguely
remember where she lives and I really
want to go down there and see if she
still I don't know it who lease and
storage but we are prepared to make an
offer on that no he did and that's why I
mean either Peter or Amir just really
love that Lionhead I never thought
anything of it until everybody made
comments but they actually framed it
it's right she's the focus of the school
and I thought it was cool but did you
know that Fujiyama is the number one
most wanted criminal on the police list
right now well I don't know well as far
as I know he's just a businessman and
then I think the biggest location of all
is the restaurant with the dance club
attached to it yeah that was the famous
club in LA called Carlos n Charlies and
a mirror used that also in killing
American style where the mob guy but a
different you know view and then the
nightclub was just the upstairs where I
do that little fight scene with the guys
that was a dance nightclub upstairs yeah
by the way what's an all-american girl
like you doing with a geek like this and
like I said 60% of my close-ups either
in her wig or not were done in a mirror
office after you know just cuz he
realized I need some work footage so a
lot of my monologues like I said when
I'm giving my big long speech was in his
office and it was just and that's why I
was so negative because I'm like this is
ridiculous though yeah why didn't we do
it that day and I don't know why I
didn't but I thought we'd come back
another day and do it but it was just he
didn't maybe I didn't have the money to
do it but same with the waiter too when
you confront the waiter that's all the
way yeah his close-up though it looks
like the exact same background from your
close-up when you're confronting
Fujiyama in the restaurant yes but when
we initially talked to him and he's like
cooing yeah that's in the restaurant and
then yeah him and I and Mark we're
either doing our close-up like we mark
laughs I mean we just say okay laughs
mark didn't know wide so he that's why
he's so funny in the movie
because he has no reference it's
completely out of context but yeah
Ahmir we just call people in whatever he
was missing he would just shoot it ha I
think the picture is just an assembly
line where it just keeps rolling it's
just that one angle connector I'd say
those exact stats how you used to shoot
movie it is when I was 18 was there a
shooting schedule or did you every day
you weren't sure what you were doing
yeah every day he just wanted to make
sure everybody knew their lines which I
you know had to remember those wines
now I'm telling these motherfuckers that
if they continue killing our children to
make their precious millions that they
deposit in their secret Swiss bank
accounts
yeah every day was just he would call us
ahead of time and say okay tomorrow
we're gonna meet at this location and we
really didn't know what would be going
on there so that's basically all that
noticed we had was just you know here's
where we're gonna be and then just know
your lines one take well it seems
there's that there's this restaurant
where there was not multiple takes
anything no I never that's why I thought
shit even even even during the fight
scene when the wig pops off wouldn't he
save maybe we should do another take of
that I don't know I thought its same
thing why you he didn't cut it just a
split second sooner I mean did you just
say hey my wood came off no we just knew
I mean it Amir would come over and pick
it up dust it off and put it back on I
mean I was so frustrated you guys have
no idea well let's talk about the wig
the wig in the room because we're
talking about production schedule and is
that the reason the wig exists because
there was no schedule and you just got
your hair cut and then it showed up on
set and oh we're filming yeah no he what
happened I kept my hair all the way
through the same length and then we
started in June of like I said in 90 he
said it would take three weeks which was
fine we ended up actually going till
August because he would stop and I think
it's because he was running out of money
and then he was trying to develop what
film he had see what he had done and
what he needs it to do and then in
November we had done all the pickup
shots and did a lot of looping and he
said okay we're done Thank You Matthew
I'll get you the tape as soon as
possible
so then I went back and my agent said
hey you should cut your hair off now
and try to you know because there's a
lot of people out there with long hair
and body so I shaved I mean I cut a
really short and then three months later
he calls like in ended December hey I
need you to come by the office nothing
oh good he's gonna give me the tape I
walk in and he just flips out what what
have you done I said buddy you fucked up
my film where's your hair I go we talked
about we're done no I have more to do
I said you told me you were done so we
literally jumped in his car and went to
Hollywood and he got the wig and I
thought at that time it was just gonna
be a couple pickup shots nothing crazy
and from a distance you wouldn't you
know it's like this you can't tell but
the it just drew on and on.for
you know another four weeks and and the
close-ups and that's why you see me I'm
just pissed I just because I tried to be
really polite during the initial
production and just say all right I'm
not gonna this is stupid but I'm just
gonna keep going along with it there I
was just frustrated cuz we're doing
fight scenes and it's falling off and I
mean like I said that's a ton of missed
footage to have in the movie I'm halfway
in the movie I'm wearing a wig and it's
just like I can't tell it all was there
only one wig because it seems like it
changes it's bigger and that's it it was
either like my hair here humidity Italy
shrink up or but there was no
hairdresser onset Amir would try to just
brush it or comb it and smash it on me
and I've just be sitting there like in
my one monologue you just see me dead
eyes I'm just like giving this I'm
telling you motherfuckers
if you don't know you know I'm just
thinking I'm gonna do this so horribly
so he won't use it so shame on me you
talk about chickens yeah this chicken I
have a neighbor next door and she has
farm animals and killing the chicken
yourself and what I did was I just
offense her chickens and it was that an
ad-lib because we just talked about that
the other day can you answer that that
was it wasn't that wasn't him yeah and I
have to admit that which I should be
going oh no I was I could just push it
right off on him here know that with
this script that one knows that was me
and Janice cuz the mayor said I need a
scene with you bring her birthday cake
and think of something to say
yeah that was ad libbed and in the over
the fence under the fence was okay why
did you come under some an undercover
cop that I was thinking of asking that
that we're talking so whose line was I'm
an undercover cop well that's what I cuz
mark didn't want to climb the fence and
I talked about on the blu-ray how we
ended up at that scene and how it's a
little shady at that location but and I
said alright well I'll go over and then
I'll look back like where are you and
then you come under and then I'll go
why'd you come under and then you say oh
I'm an undercover cop that'll be funny
but those are those are the times where
it was just ad-libbed and yeah that was
a little bit me being a little bit more
relaxed not so rigid like a mirror
always wanted to Matt be more serious
and you know and and normally with an
actor you don't tell them how to say a
line because that's I didn't care
because at that point it's like whatever
what do you how do you only say it like
this like that but that was kind of
really see more of my personality like
when I flipped the girls hair and the
police station as I'm walking out that I
just made that up it's like stupid I
mean when I look at it now but in the
context of the movie I guess it looks
like it belongs but and the kiss to the
police chief
oh that that hold now that that was all
scripted but that Dale Cummings was
amazing that his delivery on those lines
I think he added all the motherfuckers I
don't think there was that many and then
the the long you know get out of here
and then the pause I believe he was
waiting for a mirror to say cut as a
professional and he didn't so then he
just stayed with it and then he thought
maybe this would be a cut and then he
said service like no let me close my
eyes yeah because we always say that
when we're watching the movie we say and
cut yes but that added to that magic of
this guy maniac you know he's laughing
yelling one minute and I but I do think
that it was written in the script that
mark goes over and kisses and then we
run out but it's so it just that's what
I'm talking about it just makes no sense
for the characters to stay on a tone
yeah like okay one minute I'm serious if
you don't want me I'll get the fuck out
of town and the next minute is like what
he comes over he kisses him and runs
away like girls it's like well the the
scene that kicked it off for us I think
this was on YouTube makes
seven years ago and never heard of the
movie but the clip on YouTube was just
called the horny nurse and that is of
course the best scene in the movie I
think we've said multiple scenes now are
the best scenes in the movie best
sequence because that would include
Roberts that are hiding in a laundry
cart oh yeah yeah that whole stretch but
the horny nurse scene is we were
watching it and this going back to
Amir's directing and sticking to the
script we were thinking this has to be
improv though it was that all lines that
were written down have you been
circumcised yeah I have why will you
adopt her mr. cut a big portion of it ah
no he he was a good doctor good doctors
make mistakes too that's why they buy
insurance yeah and I've talked it I
remember a mirror had me come to his
office to audition that same girl for
that part and he goes go in the other
room so we went in the other room and
we're running the lines and then deke
says well let me see what you have and
she actually came over and grabbed my
bingo you know and I was like oh and I
went back to him and I said she's
perfect higher you know but I kept
telling her this is kind of stupid and
my whole thing was because I was being a
thespian was why is this guy flirting
and screwing the helicopter Melissa if
he's really in love with Jennifer and
now he's flirting with this nurse and he
goes oh this is good this is funny and I
said it was written exactly the way he
had it it was and she and I just sat
there in game the lines would you like
to go out with me uh-huh yes I would
would you like to fuck me
exactly as it was written and that was a
weird location because that day we had
just popped into some it was a urgent
care facility that Amir had biessed his
way into but yeah and the dentist that's
why that dentist in the background is
there explains kind of in a baby blue
room but yeah we shot all all that there
but it was verbatim did he ever give any
sort of direction like say it more like
this no well sometimes with me he would
either help me talk lower or louder if
he didn't have boom body mics but in
that scene I think we still had some
money and there was a guy
but that was she just thought it was
hilarious he thought it was funny
dialogue and again that's the culture
that's what a mere thought American
cinema what you know that banter this
time he probably cut my dick too huh you
better come to my house before you
report to the captain for what let's use
it before you lose it you know the guns
the shooting and stuff so again we just
surrounded marks close-ups with the the
we call it the ode to the our gang with
alfalfa or what is that buckwheat doing
though yeah because the mirror would
just we be doing a scene and then he
would disco Marc come here stand on this
wall and Peter close make a face react
until Mark was just so like so he would
just not even tell him what he's
reacting break the fourth wall there's
so probably three people to break the
fourth wall the nurse doesn't that seem
just before when she says no way his
lips are burns he looks right at the
camera
oh and Marcus right at the camera and
then there was one other one he looks at
the camera twice mark a couple times
yeah off it the the with the police
chief or the captain or whatever and
after the undercover cop line when he's
crawling under the fence I mean when
you'd yeah when somebody pulled in but
and again that comes from marks stage
training and I think at that time we
knew that it was farcical and I think he
just forgot that you can't you know look
at the kid because he that he was you
know making like you know when you look
to the camera like really that's kind of
what he was doing like you really want
basically but he was just making these
crazy faces it was just I was cracking
up and a half that me try to just make
me laugh but was it was there ever a
case of doing something on camera that
you knew was horrible just to see if you
could get away with it
well c'mere would well that was mine
with my hands or when I would fight if
you look and I started doing that for
there was another martial art guy that
was on set so I'd be doing it with him
or I did the Elvis Presley alright I
think which is in the helicopter I'll
see you back here plays baby you know
this
back at your play and then the rock and
roll cuz Gerald would do his kung-fu and
a miracle mat do the same so I go you
got it you know and I do all this pocket
because I was so ridiculous but again
I'm just saying this is never gonna be
used but of course solemn so a lot of
and that's disrespectful to Amir I
shouldn't have done that but of course
now it's on film forever too but out of
context like what they'll see through
and what is the no one punches like this
and so that's a good way to break your
thought oh yeah exactly that was the
whole thing because I thought because we
would actually rehearse those scenes
Gerald and I and it was I thought this
is so shitty we haven't had time and
he's a master in what he did and I can
fight and do what I needed to do quickly
but I'm not gonna make it aesthetically
beautiful for a film so that's why you
know that immaturity came in with me and
then just getting more lackadaisical as
it went on we just thought okay this is
ridiculous let's just get through it
