May 28, 2014
Best of the Worst Special: A Conversation with Len Kabasinski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbFV2Jpn7aI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/471617441164828673
https://www.redlettermedia.com/behind-the-scenes/a-conversation-with-len-kabasinski

Hi, I'm Jay.
And I'm Jack.
And we are here with Len Kabasinski, director of Skull Forest, Swamp Zombies, Fist of the Vampire, Curse of the Wolf.
Len what are you doing in Milwaukee?
I'm here to help out with Red Letter Media's Space Cop.
Also I guess I'm a special guest I guess on Best of the Worst.
I'm pretty excited about that you'll be
our guest of the worst yes to perfect it
looks good and how did you how did you
get involved with space cop Mike would
have emailed me I believe is what we did
there and just said kind of hey I'm a
blue-collar kind of I know how indie
things run and stuff and just or don't
run or don't run right boat and how was
swans on bees that was your first movie
right first a feature why do you sound
so disappointed cause I was this great I
don't talk about smells why was that was
a cool artwork no it was that your that
was your first feature though or was
that your first one to get distribution
first feature um I always wanted to do
stuff since I was little I never had the
knowledge or you know really still might
not have the knowledge to do stuff but
um with swamp zombies though the thing
the thing with that is though I knew
there was still a plan though I mean
could we execute that plan no we didn't
know what we were doing but we had a
plan we knew we wanted to get a couple
name people Jasmine st. Clair is in the
film Jasmine st. Clare's very extended
shower sequence yes that goes on for
five days yes the thing I get the most
flak about I think is it's obviously a
zombie movie so it's going to get
marketed it's like a horror movie but it
was meant to be like Troma kind of funny
campy type movie yeah with action to
lots of punching well but still kind of
played up to be campy
my intention would swamp signs before
anybody even before I even thought about
signing it was that we had a plan that
we needed to execute we needed TNA I
wanted fight scenes that I felt like
maybe other indie filmmakers couldn't
accomplish maybe as good as we could was
the intention with that to get some sort
of DVD this absolutely and did that
happen right away or um pretty quickly
after it was done within months I got
signed to brain damage films welcome
gore hounds were you always intending on
acting in your movies or was is that
just a happenstance of the micro-budget
world
I didn't specifically like write stuff
for myself to be in their stuff but if
it came stuff where there was fight
scenes or stuff on fists of a vampire in
the main fight scene me and Brian
Anthony who fight in a cage at the end
of the fist of the vampire I mean we're
all sweaty it's literally like passing
out level and of heat inside this barn
that we set this cage up in and I do the
one flip over is back on the one scene
whoa in the real take I mean I landed
right on my head and so you get the
films you get
well speaking of choreography and
fighting you are not a movie you're
making yourself but you're currently the
choreographer for another films all
right
zombie killers is the name of the film a
higher budgeted film in terms of it is
not a micro budget indie type a realm
this one stars Billy Zane Mischa Barton
Gabrielle stone Dee Wallace Stone and
that was shot in the Poconos at least
you know my scenes and I think a lot of
it was shot there I was basically
brought in to choreograph a couple
fights one large fight and it was it was
a lot of fun it was a lot of fun to do
it was an eye-opener to kind of get away
from micro budget indie stuff but you
know it for me fights are fights whether
it's if I'm doing it for a stage I've
got to worry about having people at
certain angles to the audience to make
sure it looks like it hits and stuff a
movie I just say fucking cut we do it
again because that looked like it missed
the goal of every fight is just to make
it look as real as possible and when
zombie killers the the big fight scene
is more of a and this was what the
director wanted is it's more of a like
survivalist type fight kicks to the
groin I could handle as far as court me
trying to because always funny when
somebody gets kicked in the nuts it's
always fun it's not the only physical
activity I could handle if I was trying
to be a stunt person I think okay that
you could handle getting kicked in the
groin or kicking someone in the groin
cuz I could show you how to do that now
if you want how to get kicked in the
groin to make it like look good oh my
god we can do that in takes like two
minutes it'll take a long I will not
potato you I mean I'll do it legitly
work it'll look like you're getting
kicked in the green potatoes me really
clobber somebody really kick someone in
the groin they call it your potato them
well it's that if you were to punch
somebody too if you're just potato when
he chilling contacts is called potato II
not just groin contact you could be
getting punched in the face or something
hey why why does it have to always be
about growing I thought that's what
we're talking about was groin injuries
you
the first the first movie we saw of
yours was Cursillo fisted Empire then
wars of the Apocalypse then we went back
to watch swamp zombies Wendigo is next
and then then it's called forest yes sex
movies I think that's everything
how many movies of you Mindy Oh in the
last decade you would you say some
zombies was like 10 years a billion okay
in the last decade we've made
two-and-a-half features and it's fucking
hard making movies like like we can be
snarky assholes but actually making a
movie
getting people together organizing all
that shit is really difficult and you
have a day job on top of this like how
have you managed to get all this shit
and a kid and yeah like write writing
comes pretty easy to me when I start a
project I'm getting better at writing
and sculpting to what I know I can get
meaning I'm not going to write a fight
scene for us on top of a airplane if I
can't get an airplane you know what I
mean I'm not writing outlandish stuff
that I know I can't acquire stuff for
yeah
so that that helps because when I think
of ideas I think man I would love to do
this giant great white shark move in and
now it's just not going to work so that
met what next idea vampire Fight Club
got it
going back to limitations when making a
movie there are parts in that movie
where there's like green screen you know
in house settings and things as
wondering how that like what this came
about because blue meanie is in their
scenes that was unnecessary Reno we are
on set in Meadville and it just didn't
have those stuff accessible to us where
we were so there was actually a green
screen cage thing almost that was built
so we went in and shot him there to get
him done that that was basically
cramming the actors scenes into you know
what we got available to us okay that
makes sense see that's that's
interesting to me because it's like we
could watch these movies and be like
what why is it like this and then
there's a like in any case what do you
watch a movie yeah with something like
that there's a story by yeah where is
this it was to get the actor shot out
yeah we talking about fist let's talk
about curse of the wolf because that was
our first introduction to you we I want
to say I want to say Mike and Jesse
found you know the four pack DVD with
cursor wolf on it and we start at a you
know a liquor store or something and we
started watching a different movie we
didn't watch cursive we started watching
a different movie and we were horribly
bored with it so it's alright what's
next curse of the wolf starts and you
know we get past that little intro and
we get to the title sequence and theme
song the most of awesome the theme song
in the world
Oh - whoa finding it yeah the guy I did
it wrote the song and did it and the
rest is history there but it drew us in
well not enough movies these days have
theme songs with the title of the movie
and the song yeah especially indie indie
usually doesn't have that kind of thing
but we wanted to because the first one
we saw was curse of the wolf the next
one we saw was pissed at the vampire and
we were like while these both have
similar kind of titles of the so we came
up with our own movie that we wanted to
pitch to you if you ever want to make it
someday I use this title bite of the
mummy that would be the entity of the
trilogy but what would happen if you got
bit by one I don't know we didn't get
that far we just had the title the title
that's all we got I gotcha brother
well yeah and well things can start that
way mummies are nowhere in modern you
know mummies aren't sexy mummies are so
you could just run around him and stuff
if he was trying to drive a nice yeah so
maybe if a mummy bites you what if
instead of becoming like a mummy like a
you turn into like a superpower mummy
like a fast moving money but like what
I'm like what a 28 days later did the
zombie okay okay but a regular mummy
bites you in this happens yes okay and
then and then you get you know what's
what's really popular right now in in
comic books and in cartoons is those
like thing what do you call that when
you fight and you wrap up your hand and
there's like mootai like wrapping like
collapsing wrapping for your cake box
yeah when you oh so you're not
completely covered you just have you
just have like wrapping it and like a
Fifth Element style wrap the ladies sexy
life elements that's the new mummy
titles good the rest I don't really know
where we're at but but the other titles
perfect bite of the mummy we'll work on
it
do you ever think like cuz obviously
working on super low budget movies you
know you don't have a lot of time you
don't a lot of resources you have to do
tons of things yourself
I think this multiple times a day do you
ever just think like why am I doing this
why why am i glowing cardboard to walls
I wish I could go back and collect
stamps or something like that but that
would that would be that would be a lie
though that would be alive yeah you know
I don't think why do I do this but with
certain times with scripts and stuff I
thought man I just needed my head
examined did do something like this or
try to do this you know at the end of
the day when you see it it's together
and you know I really like my favorite
phases are writing I do like the filming
part but I like post-production where I
can start seeing things come together
because I don't edit my own stuff I hire
an editor to edit edit our films and I
like that I like to step away and get
that detachment from it so somebody else
can take the footage and do something
with it I think that it would be doing
it a disservice at this point if I try
to do it and it doesn't have to be all
in all the time I just want somebody
else to come in and say Lane you know
what I cut this and this shot you love
just just sucks here that's cool because
I want people to tell me you know so so
when somebody's talking to me yeah you
know some sucks or whatever I have no
problem with you saying it sucks but the
only thing I can't stand is you know
when everybody wants to be a critic and
say you know well then just sucks sucks
they'll rip on your stuff but you're
waiting for their next opus just never
never happens if they made a movie as
brilliant as their comments we would be
flooded with with wonderful art now if
you want to say well lens aspect ratio
is off it good because that helps me
that helps me in the next film I can say
you know what I used a Dutch angle shot
35 fucking times in the five minutes
there that helps me and I appreciate
that one thank you for coming - thank
you for not kicking our asses ah people
well you know what an indie cinema it
gets like that because some people take
it a little too personally with things
that you know but when you get a baby
even if it's swamps
these you know you're right I was
writing that I was making phone calls
and doing all this shit for it and then
when you get some idiot that comes out
that hasn't done anything or whatever it
just says hey you can see you know the
boom mic er he's got a pair of different
shoes on here that you know what okay
dude so there's no production experience
right no production experience I came
from a background of television so I
wasn't completely brain-dead going in
not saying I knew what we doing we were
doing cuz we didn't movie why is it so
different I knew some things you know
We've obviously, you know, we've made fun of your movie a little bit.
There are technical flaws, but there is a difference when you are a creator and when you are a critic.
And, and it's something we talk about a lot because we get a lot of shit for our stuff, too.
Where, as a creator, you always have a trump over any critic because you made something.
Even though we'll make fun of your movies, we respect you, as a, as a filmmaker.
And we enjoy your movies.
We like 'em, so.
Well, that's what it's about.
I mean, if you spend 90 minutes on something, I've, you know, my love starts in, like, low-budget martial art and stuff movies.
I know they're not masterpiece cinema, but that's what I love.
I love, you know, low-budget post-apocalyptic movies from the 80's.
You know, all that kind of stuff.
And that's not masterpiece cinema.
Nobody's going to get an award for acting in any of those movies.
You know.
But they're fun to me.
