Aug 21, 2017
The Last Vampire on Earth
youtube.com/watch?v=y43vWEPkceM
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/899610081209274368
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-last-vampire-on-earth

h hi Colin hey Mike you came to here
just in time for what well today we're
doing a spotlight episode so we've gone
ahead and picked all of your favorite
terrible B movies and set them up on a
shelf over there
that means you my friend get to pick the
terrible film we spotlight today tell me
more
that's it I just said everything let's
go over and look at that shelf now well
here we are at the shelf I mentioned and
these are all of your favorite bad B
movies so why don't you go ahead and
pick one for us to watch today hmm okay
hmm
think carefully yeah like a quality
selection well Colin we don't have all
day you're going to have to select one
of the films I can't make a choice you
know what I was going to close my eyes
and just see what I think okay
why it's the last vampire on earth by
legendary filmmaker Vitaly Versace we
need to start playing with this will
called the best of the worst fidget
spinner edition and will get a million
views guaranteed best source pigeons
look at these dinner chicks and tricks
and tips tricks and pics and tips smash
oh no I accidentally burnt out half of
the like well welcome to another best of
the worst
spotlight edition today we're talking
about the last vampire on earth
oh Jesus Christ
what the fuck
you sure or not I hope none of you have
epilepsy I do now
directed by Vitaly Versace he's an
up-and-coming go-getter you know he or
may not be a Sacha Baron Cohen invention
and so all the haters will love you and
there is no success without hate
my name is Katella Versace a film
director producer and I approve this
message
god Bless America simply put he's
brilliant where the fuck do we start we
start with him do we start with me yeah
that's well count it is what Collins
pick Oh all on you now you force my hand
sir we gave you plenty of choice so many
options many I'm literally to oxidant
this is your favorite film of all time
and the in profit ok the last vampire
I'm missing like an email or written
form giving any evidence is yeah
presumed that evidence here I think I
need to ask you how the hell did you
come across this movie I'm an innocent
question I think it just got sent to us
somebody sent it to you this was yeah
one random night we were doing as we
sometimes do just you know bad movie
watching not on camera and we discovered
the film and it changed our lives
I was sure a world without injustice
murder or suffering I guess that's a bit
optimistic but at the very least I'm
trying to do it as this I can wherever I
am if Tommy was so made Twilight
basically yes are you gonna say if Tommy
Wiseau made bad film
oh I mean he found an ogre to star as
the vampire okay well let's start with
that
this is Twilight
like almost literally as well there's a
couple changes that are very important
Rises there's some surprises we'll get
into but overall it's Twilight yeah
with terrible terrible acting why me why
would you want me to know this I'm just
a girl going on about her life trying to
make the world a better place
and even worse dialog I want you to know
because you are just a girl trying to
make the world a better place I feel
this magnetism to you that I can't
explain I think we watched Twilight one
time right I think we watched some of
Twilight at every finish yeah in
preparation for a like a review the
whole series that we never did well no
we reviewed Breaking Dawn breaking wind
part two it is that one yeah and then we
were going to go back and watch the rest
of them oh we got like halfway through
the first one we like fuck it
well they couldn't get Robert Pattinson
so they got Shrek yeah to play your
hunky lead sexy vampire man you can't
even pronounce words you only go for a
Walther something you want to Joe for a
watch or something is like the charisma
of a wet sack of gravel like he is like
he looks like Haley Joel Osment if you
went on like you know with a weekend
bender with like Jesus got coke bloat
yeah pretty oh so you're talking about
just modern-day Haley Joel Osment
you see that right there those four
stars there and a square or page
assistant body that one there's his neck
and head the movie treats it as if he's
the robber Pattinson it was a weirdest
kind of juxtaposition is just yeah they
treat him like he's brooding sexy
vampire man no he's not he looks like a
serial killer but hello I was done yeah
they cast this guy and I'm like there's
this like like two things like he's
really handsome and looks like Robert
Pattinson but can't act or he can act
really well and looks like Shrek the
worst of all has the worst of what it's
amazing how old are you 20 how long have
you been that old how old are you 17
long you've been 17 Wow
that's a long time to be by yourself did
you see Jesus
I faked a couple of times it almost
feels like the movie was made just as a
practical joke on that lead actor like
just to embarrass them
well they had interviews and like the
first thing Vitali had to say about you
know his lead actor his best quality was
he showed up on time and look forward he
was my good that girl with time I love
the fact that he's so good he shows up
when he's scheduled to well we don't so
born into mafia that he had issues with
that guys where's Ivan at he's out on a
date or something oh shit what's going
on and he had to replace one of his
actors with the back of somebody else's
head that's true yeah
the actor didn't show up which brings us
into a topic that's very near and dear
to me and rich and Vitaly personifies
this yeah many many many years ago rich
and I created a character named Sergio
I'm said you know I'm here to make a big
American movie my my actress not show up
so I've cast Boyan wig so eventually
rich and I created a cartoon my name is
Sergio and I write to you from my home
country because today is day I leave for
America I love all things about America
especially movies I like action movies
like Jackie Chan and Pierce Brosnan but
I really love scary movie like scream or
mrs. Doubtfire we created a whole back
to his father who beat him did he sir J
didn't design the actual Sergio that's
right I completely forgot I did yes yeah
the actual Sergio guy I do that yes
Wow I forgot all about that and we had
his girlfriend he had his father who
beat him and his mother he moved
remember when him and his mother left
for America their house collapsed
Sergio need life of excitement in
America herding sheep not my calling in
life but making American movie is much
like Citizen Kane or showgirls
vitaliy versace is the living embodiment
of surgery a real-life surgeon he's real
I come to automatic I make movie yeah um
how it was the favorite I like all of
them and he's chasing those friends too
it's like he makes the like a mafia
movie you're going to let me go and then
he makes his Twilight it's not even a
ripoff it's a reimagining it's just
Twilight again well to be fair it was
based on a novel oh yes
Lehren brings in our next point on the
front Twilight was based on a book
that's right Larry Stephenie Meyer
deafening liars are both terrible
terrible books but it was a very
successful book so you turn into a movie
I've never read and so if you're
properly going to clone the success of
Twilight then well you got to have a
book first
so we're convinced that they just wrote
a book after the screenplay was written
just to say it was based on a book and
we have that book you happen to have the
book the last vampire on earth by Mandy
L Abraham who may or may not be a real
person how many pages is this level are
there no page numbers Oh 9999 but it but
look at look at the size of the font
though like it's like a large print well
I love the illustrations was it a
picture of the actors though in the back
yeah
so did we get a picture of the actors
yeah yes from the movie don't be a fake
illustrations that are just screenshots
from the movie there's a picture of Rome
for some reason what the fuck the main
character in the movie the
what's-her-face Kristen Stewart a quick
Lois her name is Chloe and she's sick
she has an illness and we'll get into
that but in the book it's just some
random picture he found of some woman in
the hospital and then they put a filter
in it to make it look like an
illustration
you're saying that she found these but
this is the book that the movie was
based on oh yeah yeah we know you guys
are acting like he had something to do
with this book yeah well at the look
it's not like he said
we made a book about vampires so he can
sell this is like a Twilight based on a
book vampire movie yeah so is that the
that's Mandy l Abraham although the
author of it just like a stock photo of
somebody else I think the book
Versace entertainment but but the T is
caught off everything is wrong girl
that's right amen you take Sergio to the
next level and not now Michelle is a
Victrola cub Holly massaging your
creation and to all the haters love you
I think he asked his friend man DL
Abraham slap together a book left
together a book and done quickly write a
script based on that book yes because we
know they did actually shoot with a
script I'm just using the script of the
movie because they had it yes as Chloe
does it seen any movie nice and their
boy rehearsing for Dracula right there
in college so that's different than
Twilight their intelligence of the high
school and then their literature class
they're doing a semester long
preparation for doing a play version of
Dracula yeah so that's our first meet
cute with our not Robert Pattinson and
not Kristen Stewart where they get
together to rehearse their lines he's
ironically been cast as Dracula and uh
why are you using this music I think
what my mumblecore literally muffled are
they get together to rehearse they just
do that one bit
they don't do any lines and then I say
let's go to the coffee shop then they go
together and they sit down they don't
eat me things okay let's go meet
together at the parents house well I
should get going
I know and again she invites him to
church but yet is church and that's when
the first time we saw this movie we were
like oh this is going to be a religious
film this is the religious version of
Twilight Christian group wants to
capitalize and Twilight faint while
they'll come in for the Twilight they'll
stay for Jesus what wiII be the most
desirable of the romantic heroes let's
take you over for food the dinner scene
those was when the real meet-cute
happened it was less doesn't a little
kid with eating the chicken it was super
cute remember he like he was like
playing with it he was like dissecting
it yeah and he ate a piece like a like
an animal I can't they cut back down and
like no they show all the chicken
falling out of the small Aurelius you
barely touched your food
don't worry about it all you all eat it
is your leftovers I'm sure you will have
a tail kid what can he looks like a
garbage pail kid told you directly way
Jay he looks like a Cabbage Patch Cafe
does in our religion we believe that
blood is sacred and we're not allowed to
eat blood of any kind or receive blood
transfusions
I say so if you want a badass man lost a
lot of blood
it being a real participant man that's a
shame so talk about that and this is
this is the first of two dinners yes
there's two dinner scenes and Vitaly
Versace he ordered up KFC for for the
dinner scene because it comes with sides
so you're gonna have to actually prepare
a meal yeah there was like the macaroni
salad that was clearly visible so normal
people would have has a nice dinner
after church he ordered up for a chicken
from KFC and then I went a week later he
gets invited again for dinner and man
again yeah but the funny thing is like
when he came to the the door the first
time and the mother meets him at the
front door and she says oh you know just
come right in dinner is almost ready
it's like we fucking ordered from KFC of
course well and we already saw her put
fried chicken on the plate for the
little fat kids you know like yeah it's
ready that was his pre dinner dinner oh
he has Fried Chicken is an appetizer for
more Fried Chicken
but then it's sort of our lead vampire
he can't eat I guess he can only like
drink blood
my name is vitaly versace a film
director hey around us blood mobile yep
my name is Wayne
it is easy to see Wayne after he vomits
if you just see him sitting there I
don't I don't think they'd bother to
establish any of this okay walks up to
the car and it happens to be a guy who
works for the blood clinic no no blood
yeah so I think you over blood clinic
van it has a boss on it and everything
you know it doesn't just look like like
mom's bad yeah I definitely shitty old
man really dude he just drives around
collecting people's age of blood well
used to feeling donate your blood I
don't look weird let me get around this
thing
eight nine dollars an hour yeah you're
about but the thing is like as a vampire
kid goes up to him and is like hey I
know you make shit money working for the
blood clinic so I'm going to throw you
five bucks to sell me blood you know
that's rich kid you're not going to
donate get out of my face I'm very
serious when that would be just the
first installment we're going to we're
going to take a look at the freeze-frame
and I'm assuming it's a 20 and a whole
bunch of singles I'm coming
my name is Katella Versace film director
I'll take a while but so you kind of
hold em up just wanted up and now is
ready and uh uh santa came himself no
doubt oh why are you bothering with the
cup punch okay spill everywhere what is
he drinking for real
oh nice blank
well okay so this is the Unrated version
so yeah that's just--that's this is him
making this box yeah and that brings me
to my next point
is that eventually at some point this
film was picked up for distribution
tally got we want to isn't it but it's
amazing isn't it no it's not I mean any
sleazy company will put out a terrible
film to trick you by altering the
artwork to look like to look Twilight
yeah with actors that look nothing like
the main actors and look at this guy
bring burning on the stake the highly
esteemed echo bridge entertainment oh
yeah nothing but quality for mic over it
yes they release the film and a very
integrated
yeah they Co degraded it there's
pictures on the back which look very D
saturated and highly contrasting and
they look nothing like this version so
we're gonna we're going to put on both
versions here as we discuss further well
um let's get to the elephant in the room
and that AIDS tell me yeah AIDS I didn't
want you to sing close to you
our main character Chloe has a yeah got
it
rescuing an African woman which well
it's very awkward at the first he's like
how did you get AIDS yeah a few years
ago I was on a mission trip in Africa I
was helping a group of people at the
clinic and there was an attack so are
all well people in Africa of AIDS
they're being racist right off the back
yes and then she's when I read up too
bad this is a slow revelation that she
has a yeah I give the end of the movie
it revealed like it's set up earlier she
goes to a doctor and he's testing her
blog means like well you know your
cocktails doctor cocktail variation to
what are the drugs in your latest
cocktail but but Chloe goes to the
doctor and doctors like well you know
you have super aid more war we were
running to the age
where's resistant to anything we
currently have but of course you know
there's still no cure he's speaking very
clinically very medically he's like the
widow cocktails I'm giving you ain't
working ladies is dumb we got to try a
different cocktail maybe all we can do
at this point is keep trying different
cocktails to keep this thing at bay but
basically tells her she is super age and
that and that she's got not too much
time to live listen listen lady if you
know a vampire now you might want to
drop out of college
you're wasting your parents a lot of
money yeah she's worried about studying
for your you know tests and exams I'm
like that's the least of your worries
like Jesus well if fate would have it
and it turns out to be completely
pointless our lead vampire not Robert
Pattinson is going to school to become a
blood doctor are you saying instead of
like biting her and turning her to a
vampire he should have like cured her
aids would like doctor is a movie this
is like a montage they would like test
two hey I am cured a but why establish
that in the movie that is all we're
being yeah we're talking Mike anyway
guys it's the only the only purpose that
it has is that it comes up I think it
brings out the discussion of blood right
in the family
KFC generation so aralia what is your
major a hematologist what exactly is
that dear J situated on the work and
comforted tears for blood diseases like
AIDS and diabetes what the fuck is a
3,000 year old vampire doing going to
Community College a Bethany like my
hematologist yes surely he said he said
several thousand years enjoy a lot
immerse your college and they can take
Kemet ology I don't know Kristen you
gotta get through through basic
literature courses first I guess and
then like at the same time he's like you
know doing Bram Stoker's Dracula like
literature class that doesn't make any
sense those are the Jenna that he has to
get through he's been a life for 2020
he's going to fucking
viii the Dracula course right is the
fucking easy a for a vampire
every time you say but it's like our
female lead got a cheesy hmm
but then she also gets AIDS cancer
something oh yes yes night what does it
he doesn't say AIDS or cancer where this
possibility is compulsory sekolah which
is a cancers like this often accompanies
AIDS the doctor was very bad that's what
I want to hear from a doctor yeah she's
got Philadelphia bruises oh yeah oh yeah
that's right like that moment of being
horrified or like oh wait I didn't know
what you meant at first I tell Adelphia
bruises I pictured rocky and like
running out the thing you've got bruises
Canaries I'm watching her like Oh
Philadelphia the Tom hang me a second oh
thank you honey you didn't need to do
that problem matters I use your restroom
I guess like the second KFC dinner like
yeah ii can see dinner is when the yeah
her young brother finds out that she's a
vampire I'm so sorry it I'm Jonah no I
mean I don't think higher eat one mom
but I didn't say anymore all things of
me to say she has to puke up every time
he eats KFC like Molly be like what
oh yeah so yeah they're talking to the
bathroom that's kind of where she
discovers like what's going on with him
and then right they just cut to the
little garbage pail kid looking and it's
a great framing he's looking in the the
the door and then the doors got a mirror
on the back and it just shows a toilet
it's very symbolic
he's just looking in like it's saying
that that kids a toilet was over for
dinner after dinner and here's an
employee talking well I would probably
say that he's a vampire
Chad well first I have the entirely
reasonable explanation well there
they're going to be in a vampire play so
of course just talking about the play I
heard them talking about how eating food
makes him fit what there's there's just
amazing that's the final piece to the
fight entire Iranian vampire I'm not
awake AFC could be me then when the kid
says he threw up he's like oh oh my god
regular is very like oh my god we've got
a vampire okay I see well I'm gay then
the preacher father like runs to his car
and gets on a cell phone calls his is
linton papi
yes hotline i can already notice at all
maybe you have a vampire situation this
comes up so often you knows exactly who
to call and they know how to respond um
so a pastor father and a bunch of
rednecks including the wife and garbage
pail boys garbage pail kid is there to
want to see someone burn alive
this creature has violated that gift in
the most profane way here we've got this
kid who we think might be a vampire
because I guess we believe in that we
believe that the sell-side year-old told
us that you're a vampire because he
vomited on KFC therefore and we're going
to jump to that conclusion we're doing
by claims and yeah they have tied to a
stake they're going to burn them alive
this is a scene that made me realize
that this movie might not be a religious
film so while that's happening Chloe
walks into her kitchen opens up the
pantry and there's just a tiny little
gun sitting on a paper towel
well did you get a loaded gun just lie
in there I mean she's got like a younger
brother and everything it's just lying
there I like loaded ready to go
picturing that little kid like trying to
reach for cereal one morning and this
year I'm often accidentally shooting
himself in the gut not accidentally oh
thank god she's myself really good but
he's only just trying to make more room
for KFC all he do stavros - this is a
good man and if you took the time to get
to know him you would find that out she
doesn't even have her finger on the
trigger who wants to help find cures for
diseases he wants to help find a cure
for diseases like AIDS maybe that
doesn't mean much to you but it means a
lot to people like me who have it
I'm not afraid of condiment SATs are
things I do not understand I was kind of
missing this because I was laughing so
hard
but her dialogue and I think she she
says like don't you know don't burn him
don't burn him cuz I hate clothes big
scene yeah she she admits everyone that
she has HIV or AIDS that's right I have
AIDS advancing very quickly she says I
think her argument is I'll kill any one
of you
I don't care of got nothing to lose
because I've got AIDS how did she do
that without putting her finger on the
trigger
yes versus 15 she might not know how a
gun work right
I need it is vitally Versace is vitally
Versace and she's able to fire it and
she murders a man I'm not afraid of
punishment that are things I do not
understand I mean it it's amazing I mean
the Phil said but that speech you know I
moved me yeah and it motivated the film
I think this girl has a real future in
acting AIDS has turned me into a
murderer I've got nothing to lose
don't like my vampire KFC ogre over boys
I'm on fire because I have AIDS and if
you do I will kill you the tale is all
this time we establish that Oh
Shrek Shrek fire a vampire extract can
move oh yeah eat of white vampire but
somehow
he's captured by Fried Chicken lady and
our bathroom came on you all
so then they go immediately from she
rescues him she murders somebody and
rescues her her vampire boyfriend and
they go immediately to their school to
perform the play of Dracula because
that's what you do right after killing a
man huh it's like oh my god the place
tonight like we're going to be late I
just shot someone to death this lynching
is really set us back that's when we
discovered that her feet are apparently
5:17 yes everybody's everybody's
barefoot in the play for summary some
reason giant feet is a little-known
symptom of AIDS it's the weirdest
interpretation of Neil Simon's barefoot
in the park
it doesn't even cut right to the credits
it cuts to the credits mid like sound
yeah yeah there's some kind of hard edit
and words they fuck even that how is
that possible it's funny like you know
the the professor at the beginning of
this movie starts like rambling and
rambling now for the part of Lucy let's
go with there's the proximities Club
Jesus
how about what letter got bored with
that see we get it caught like the
editor just gets bored just fades of the
bishop is like fades out and goes to the
next scene alright well I awkward I
figure I picture the ED like the movie
moving along it like real-time and
editor would just like the gear it goes
down in this huge there's like a whack
Amole hammer for like edit dissolve they
can only afford an editor for 90 minutes
he had to do it really explains a lot
it's a play on the footage go well
that's why that's why the movie just
stops this is like 90 minutes right yet
it is but they have scene where
everything makes sense right here and
how do I start my shift at jcpenney
like
I want to spend the rest of eternity
with you I don't want you to go through
the rest of the existence alone I want
to see a sequel where a now immortal
Chloe gets put on trial for murder and
gets a life sentence oh god yeah and I
see the mortals perpetually in prison
forever Vinick on TV she has a t-shirt I
may be in prison but at least I don't
have a I'm not playing around
yeah what a film that's the last vampire
on earth it's a masterpiece it's a
treasure it's the perfect balance of
terrible performances terrible actors
delivering awful dialog horribly
terribly terribly the magic of it though
is that it's not it is badly edited but
it's not nonsensical but it that's
that's the magical part about it though
is that it actually makes sense you can
it's always changing there's one
embarrassing scene after the other and
it just is that's what makes a good bad
movie it does have that the room quality
where where it's like it kind of
resembles the real movie like just
enough but the performances are so bad
and the dialogue is so terrible that you
kind of feel like you're watching
something made by aliens and then
occasionally somebody's eating KFC for a
fancy family dinner exactly well that's
like something you see in the room it
reminded me a lot of the room as far as
the entertainment value even have the
the football seeing where they're
sitting around like not like after our
KFC dinner we're going to go out and
toss the pigskin and then they were like
robots where they're just like throw and
they're like four feet away for one
another like yeah very awkward is this a
foreigner stick Americans just do the
football the football in the backyard or
in the case of the room the alley and
you throw footballs the room dough has a
unique quality of the fact that it was
shot on film
yes yeah and it looks like like a real
movie but it's so bad this looks like a
terrible shot on home video this has
that weird quality where
trying to make it he's trying to give it
like that faux DSLR love yes where he's
like trying to make it look like there's
more depth of field than it has and yes
the vignette I am out of envelope filter
in the vignette around yeah like he's
tried like this will make it look more
cinematic nobody does that
OSHA's pretending to drink water so Jay
you're taking a look at the novelization
and you found the famous Oscar scene
that's right I have AIDS and it's
advancing very quickly
stop stop or I'll shoot she pointed the
gun at one of the people about to light
the wood on fire I'm serious I'm not
afraid of the consequences this is a
good man and if he took the time to get
to know him you would find that out he
doesn't want to hurt us he doesn't feed
off of humans he wants to help us he
wants to help cure diseases he wants to
help find a cure for diseases like aims
maybe that doesn't mean much to all of
you but it means a lot to people like me
you have it ok
we're going to release a book on tape ok
where you read the lamp ah all right so
good I'll come with unauthorized
Landsman the audios or audio bugs yeah
we each leads to a chapter on I won't be
so good so yeah whatever version of the
last vampire an earth by Vitaly Versace
getting your hands on do so yeah even if
it's just the book version you can read
it with your friends yes and enjoy this
gem of a film that we masterpiece that
masterpiece it was appropriate yeah we
don't know yet we've yet to finish the
Vitaly Versace library yeah whether or
not it's the best of the house here this
could be the beginning of something
beautiful well the very least I know
it's better than born into mafia out of
the two movies we've seen this is the
best movie he's ever made right of
course
guess it's better than born into mafia
somebody called me from Moscow one of my
uncles and says it's my dad got shot too
lazy on work but maybe it's only right
so we had to fight and get here because
this thing was worth this and it's clear
