Jun 21, 2017
Hollywood Cop
youtube.com/watch?v=9PILodU2wXw
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/877685525557235714
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-hollywood-cop

hello and welcome to the first ever best
of the worst spotlight video where we
talk about one singular movie on dust
indoors
that's right Jay best of the worst
started because we would all have bad
movie night and we would watch terrible
terrible films and then we decided this
would make for a fun show we should just
still much watching terrible movies and
talking about them afterwards yeah the
problem with that is there are many
terrible enjoyable films we watched
before they were part of an episode it's
also movies that we can probably
elaborate on more than a regular best of
the worst because we're getting in three
movies and we're trying to keep the
episodes relatively short so if you
really want us to go super in-depth on a
shitty b-movie that you're never going
to see this is the place that tune in
this is the show for you this is the
show for pool
well the first film that we selected it
well the first film that we selected is
a classic you've probably never heard of
it but it's a classic to us it's like
the film called Hollywood cop from the
director of samurai cop like this is
this is a Hollywood homicide starring
Harrison Ford oh remember Josh Hartnett
was he there's the real film with people
that are not in the movie on the cover
yeah is it Swayze I don't know what's
going on this is it's a shame because we
have as you've probably seen on best of
the worst we have a Hollywood cop poster
in the screening room it's original
theatrical poster is amazing it looks
like like the Miami connection poster
where that was like done later and it's
sort of like there's an ironic quality
to it it's not a family thing no that's
an actual poster and it accurately
represents everything that's in the
movie which is also rare and best for
the word well this case is clearly an
attempt by someone to purchase the
rights to a shitty forgotten b-movie and
repackage it to look like a real mug
yeah I don't know what they're going for
with this cover just only all I know is
that it's a five-day rental and we've
had it for six years now that's coming
out of your paycheck yeah I don't know
who that is and that looks like Patrick
Swayze well that kind of looks like
Harrison Ford is this the prequel to
Hollywood homicide
hooker laughs that was a guy
but like we said this is an early ameer
sure van movie who directed such classic
films as samurai cop would you like to
fuck me bingo killing American style
I think this move might have lost one
out there there's a couple out there
yeah there's young rebels which we have
not seen and then there's something with
gypsy in the title is it gypsy cop Jim
job well that's the interesting thing
about Hollywood cops is that it's
essentially a trial run for samurai cop
yeah it has all the same hallmarks Amir
Shervin is trying to to perfect or
recreate the buddy cop movie from the
80s the lethal weapon formula which is
funny because it already perfected it
yeah the weird thing is he actually
becomes more incompetent the longer his
career went along what's the what's the
time line what was first Hollywood cop
followed by killing American style
followed by samurai cop and samurai cop
is the worst one how does that happen uh
he's just it's just like falling apart
I guess as he goes he gets more and more
jaded and he runs out of money I think
money is a big issue because samurai cop
you have shots that don't match like the
color temperature doesn't match this
movie all the shots go together and
that's the only positive I will give in
the movie
what is Hollywood cop about we have to
establish that first what's the plot
rich the plot is that these these
criminals mafia Colonel whatever one of
the other criminals stole their money
and so they're going to kidnap the child
of the guy who stole the money and
extract the money out of the family you
got a complete layout of the ranch
everything everything everything l at
the inside house where early flying
you're positive
okay Joe Fresno is the guy that steals
the money but he hides it in the Attic
of Grandma's house does the filthy house
one of many filthy locations in every
Emir share and the house they're living
in I guess so it's like a hippie commune
it looks like so his his purpose is that
he is dying of blood cancer so he feels
six million dollars from bad guys hide
it in his own house then leaves his wife
without selling a whole pile of land
small child without telling her about
the money so that he could party it up
in his backyard it's a bunch of good boy
while he's dying of blood cancer and
this of course sets off a chain of
events that causes the mob to retaliate
by kidnapping his son and murdering
everyone who comes across them
so about 40 to 50 people died because of
this guy's super fly hook that other kid
fucks ago I don't I don't know that they
kill everybody we never see the goat
good shot
and it's the exact same location to
where they had the shootout in killing
American style - let's our theory yeah
there's like horse stables and shit
everywhere it's got to be the same
location probably
the kid he gets abducted and they keep
him in the kitchen I guess with no
supervision
you better be behaving yourself boy like
bad dog hear some weird grandma house
it's one of many grandma houses that
have been featured in to me or sheriff
and movies but they also have this
vicious dog I know that you're kidding
listen I live dog I have me you know I
have me to gulp but when I get out of
here I'm going to give me a dog dogs are
better they understand them you
understand don't you huh and immediately
the kid bonds with a dog and it makes
you think of the movies written by the
kid it's a classic scene the dog
understands every word he's saying yeah
I've got to get here I want to close you
know ha ha ha my mom so the kids like
help me escape and then the dog doesn't
do anything if you didn't scare the shit
out of the kid at one point the plot is
building towards oh this dog is going to
unhook that latch nope
it's like it's like they couldn't get
the dog to do it yeah so the kid had to
reach over himself to take it off we
take the dogs hand and like get a super
closer than I would go like a little
puppet hand maybe in the real dogs fall
super close it was right it's like they
didn't care when they're making this
film like they they didn't try their
best and then they do shoot the dog and
they get the kid back among that scene
that no professor it was a failed escape
attempt
that was one of three and so then the
mother of the child goes to the cops who
I guess just aren't going to help this
this kidnap young white boy like he's
why I'm he's white and everything the
whitest kid ever the cops aren't doing
anything about it this is completely
unrealistic hey Deb how's business today
hey and how you doing turn I'm gonna
worry about when she descends on me are
you going to take it now did you keep it
Walker Roman cops yeah tough guy Dirty
Harry Mel Gibson Turk cops Turk Turk is
realizing this turquoise for short they
call him Turkey and and for short for
the short version they call him Turk I
think once they call them turquoise -
it's what I literally just said they
literally both got it well in it Boyan
it well this is very important he's like
olders there's cops and Anakin's going
on across the street so you're what why
don't you keep this warm for me okay
keep it warm for me yeah which is the
samurai cop hey oh it's up and ready you
did
keep it warm it's formatted and then
mother was his hat guy oh he said he's a
cop that can help you that how dog
vendor knows all about what's going on
it's Turk Turk she's not he's a cop
he is a good cop really yeah I wonder
could maybe he might be able to help me
the police station couldn't but that
random guy with a bullet probably can't
remember any of this you know after
after she sees him by the hotdog stand
she patiently waits for him to go handle
the rape scene the most uncomfortable
the culturally sensitive races but the
the there's a rape and or robbery in
progress is what they say here's we can
figure it's a rape and robbery in
progress so what the hell are you guys
waiting for lieutenant Maxwell's coming
oh yeah what what the fucking cavalry by
the time he gets here della break the
guy to come on the lieutenant has to
show up even though we're cops we're
responding to an emergency yeah we have
to wait for the lieutenant for no reason
so it shows that a mere Shervin has has
a very clear understanding of the
workings of the police you walk back up
on side it's actually the right call the
fuck do you know ladies screaming in a
hotel room Turk shows up and then a gun
battle a very awkward hallway chase
slash gun battle
look Turk failed his police negotiation
courses
he's moreover just shoot at everyone
until they die kind of guy you know do
some William look mister I know this guy
just fucked your wife with he's our
prisoner now so how about backing off
okay
and Hollywood cop is like look I know he
fucked your wife ha ha ha and he doesn't
really even know that he has dishonored
me Milo says his life now enjoyed
like a normal movie the point of this
scene would be to show how spectacular
our hero is because he does something
amazing but not nothing no it's it's
like the victim who does something
amazing with a sword yeah well then we
get to the police station and this is
where this movie Trump's samurai cop in
that that movie also has the chief
that's angry all the time but this movie
has achieved the thing guerrilla time
played by Cameron Mitchell yes god damn
it and I think this was our introduction
to Cameron Mitchell three people are
dead one officer wounded a man in our
Coast League lost his head I'm officer
lost his hand and McKay is still in the
John puking his guts out years and years
back when we first watch this movie yeah
I don't think we realized who he was or
the significance and importance he would
have on our life as the years went on
but he's a great police chief in this so
much so that we wash him several times
in sittin on space cow yes please come
hey chief right here I need a tums
he's got the tums yeah yeah got the
Thomas the commissioners on my ass
I get dad every day ends with a tums
festival right now because of you I got
to go to the bathroom
he says what Hollywood cop gives him so
much grief that he's got gas all the
time and it's like a tums festival he
doesn't say that that's that's hammer I
cop all right he doesn't have the Thomas
Bestival line yes he does they're so
close yes
maybe that was just I remember hearing
comes from every day ends with a Thums
festival you know Cameron Mitchell says
Thomas cut your theta the other guy from
samurai cop every day ends with a
promise festival we literally just watch
this I don't remember Tom's festival I
don't either J everyday ends with a
Tom's festival I referenced it while we
were just rewatching it becomes festival
um festival it was my god every day ends
with a promise customer he won't even
buy em 115 percent sure
every day ends with a thumbs festival
I'm right thumbs festival I'm right from
festival is it's shocking to you that in
this a mirror movie that is the
prototype for samurai cop every day ends
with a promise every day ends with a
sound especially Tom there is not a
single reference to Tom's in samurai cop
he does not say it's like a tum festival
of my stomach every day ends with a
thumbs first of all there's multiple
references to comes by Cameron Mitchell
in Hollywood cop it's a tongue festival
God day I am so right it's painful comes
festival comfortable comfortable
comfortable comfortable now Jay leaned
forward into your microphone and say
wrong wrong really dinner you guys so
much I need some goddamn thumbs
well now gentlemen I think we both can
move on in the tan my question No now
I'd like to move on to the economy are
you going to help me thank you
our first major sequence after Kirk and
Jaguar meet mom
so we have to mention that we're not
really introduced to Jaguar hey jerky
come get your hot dogs Hey
nothing so hot yeah he just he's just in
the scene all of a sudden yeah three
days I came here everyday I come here
they tell me nothing I want my child all
right all right calm down now look you
made the report you got to give the
police some time they'll find it
what was the officer's name you reported
it to guiding officer Maxwell right oh
yeah so they agree to help the lady and
they say look tell me all about your
kidnapped son at Arby's they say let's
go discuss this over a cup of coffee and
this is the scene in the cop movie where
you have them at like a diner only
they're just at our view they couldn't
get it done any other restaurant would
have been too cheerful for a talk about
your kidnap son that's true you have to
go to RB I don't know how a mirror got
access to an Arby's maybe he knew the
manager the owner I think he worked
there oh he was the guy who ran the
fryer yeah he was fry cook at Harveys
but he's getting all the mileage out of
Arby's because he has them framed in the
left side and you can see the registers
oh yeah elastic is like we're shooting
in this RVs maybe it's similar to Pepsi
because he constantly has Pepsi in the
foreground of shots so maybe he thought
a feminine Arby's and then afterwards
retro actively our bezel will give me
some money right and I think he had the
same thought about Pepsi there's a lot
of Pepsi ins I just would rather the
Pepsi pyramid is a cathouse but who's
gonna buy a warm Pepsi from the Pepsi
pyramid there's one counter there just
for display they have the cold ones a
page on the counter CJ does not know
what he's a mirror van lor
no he thinks the town festival line was
in this movie every day ends with a
Tom's festival we have a schematic of
the Catholic house there's a cutaway a
poster of the cat house it's like it's
like in the Ameer cherchez l'homme one
of the Star Trek technical manuals for
Hollywood cop yep that's it they have
the Bell
yeah yeah the red book which is under
the counter yes it has the super top
secret clients and they show the little
fridge where they keep the Pepsi okay
it's not on camera you'd only know it by
reading all the books all right to the
expanded universe expanded universe okay
been one of the novel's Hollywood cop to
keeping it warm
that would be samurai cop too if they
didn't make semi cup to and it didn't
suck
you know something she told me that joke
Fresno had a my cousin was a
championship restaurant and I don't
remember how comes up but they say Joe
Fresno's address can be found via Samson
who is a wrestler who now owns a bar
slash club that has nude female oil
wrestling and the idea of going there
they all decide to do a toast let's go
look for cheers Cheers yeah can't define
my boy oh you're choosing to buy him
Samson way to bring us all down ladies
right to female mud wrestling and then
there I mention it's incredibly out
there finding my son before he's moved
it and they're just like a real office
don't let these pretty women for you to
print out a rumor
you'll put some money on it I'll get you
in the ring I'll show you what it's all
about
till they go to the club they get the
address and then even though this woman
just wants her kid back
Jaguar decides to Leia Russell got a $20
bet I got away well hey we got no more
than a sec that's right four three and
we're looking for this kid but uh I
don't want to make more sense in a
minute movie style I don't trust you
down
but if you beat these ladies and mud
wrestling oh yeah yeah take the little
pieces that you move them around and
then this thing doesn't seem like a
fence they're wasting fucking time what
we needed to take some time to show us
that man take reason understand that be
good yeah that's another a mere sheer of
em staple is male/female taint there's
less of it less than samurai cop this
finds a way to squeeze it in no pun
intended
well see nuns after he sexually assaults
these women rips they're ripping their
tops off and looking right at the camera
and looking like a psychopath yeah he
looks like Bill Cosby yeah at least you
can tell the difference between them
because in this movie apparently black
people all look alike even to other
black people that's me do we passing a
message over cooking okay yeah Claire
was this medicine they said joke was
they they thought they mistook him for
someone else I think it's I think that's
another racist joke yeah he's like we
busted him for cocaine and he goes no
I'm the Prince of Africa and then he
flipped out and goes I'm sorry your
highness yeah I guess that's what I
think the the joke is that all black
guys look like her Manolo I don't really
get it
yeah there's a lot of weird race of
stuff from the yeah yes what can I do
for you sir
well I just joined the club last week
and I came by today to pick up my
membership and I thought I'd bring her
guest with me you didn't teach men
saving all his will for just four years
now
being racist in a racist voice those are
two different types of rate racism at
the very same time because the Chinese
man is like I know what you're talking
about
there's like this mores of racism so
after the oil wrestling then they go to
Joe Fresno's house which is a mere share
vams equivalent of the Playboy Mansion
in his mind he envisioned the Playboy
Mansion but in reality it's just some
guys backyard and then Joe Fresno says
wait I have the bag of money let's go do
the trade-off its Davey they said don't
make shit after another only for the
money you promised but first for no
reason they allow Joe Fresno to have a
touching moment with his son in the room
oh yeah
I'll explain everything later right now
let's just get out of here
not with you I'd rather die right here
than go with you or the kids he'd rather
be dead which is the best moment you
tires ol son I'm sick
I've been sick for quite some time I
have blood cancer why didn't you come
see me I'm only six
you didn't come see me ever Oh kid
someday you'll understand about bimbos I
made the right choice when you got the
blood cancer you don't have much time
left you'd rather spend it with them
both and I don't son Joe Fresno
eventually gets shot it's great
Oh blood cancer is coming off let all of
us Captain Blood oh okay now all right
but he'll die from this bullet wound
yeah after all this he just gets shot in
the back I had never walked again should
the kid have like been the only one to
know when the money was because the dad
told them oh don't even try don't even
try to fix the plot because of the very
basic construction of seeing always Amir
sermon and that's why we love Him yes
and that's why we love his films because
they feel like they're made by nailing
him but not John who has seen lethal
weapon once several years ago and can
only kind of remember it yeah you're
like I'd like a space telescope yeah and
it's like I'll distorted and this is a
wonderful combination for us didn't do
him much good no he died in disgrace
penny was ashamed of his life's work
they actually found him not many people
know this but the the rundown trailer
that's in the dump of a house at the end
of the movie that's where they found a
mere share of Anne's body oh really
I don't know oh it's not really true
thing that's not is so believable he was
always shaniek lethal weapon not God
movies I only thought was how do you
hang yourself in such a small trailer
fair enough room he had actually cut
like a hole on the floor of his trailer
I think I don't know where this came
from I don't know how we ended up with
this copy the movie or how we ended up
seeing this was in a store like to rent
yeah imagine someone renting watching
there's a couple aspects about this
movie that that kind of make it
interesting because it's not as funny a
samurai cop of course nothing is but
like the kids relationship with the dog
is so fucking weird that like Amir
sharafan thought that was a good idea I
thought it was a good idea it's the best
part of the movie sure but it's so dumb
it's like something a little kid would
come up with it's weird and it keeps
your attention and I think you said one
time like like the best B movies like a
keep keep changing how bad they are
right you go and yeah and that this
falls in line with a good bad b-movie
it's not one of the best yeah but
there's so many like the weird like
shootout where the guy has the sword
mean decapitate the guy and then and it
has Cameron Mitchell as the grumpy
police chief every day ends with a Thums
festival it's a rough draft before
samurai cop yes and so for that alone
it's worth washing I or coherent story
wise though the samurai cop yes yes hard
to say
oh now in in my brain i I see samurais
half on glorious blu-ray that's true and
different out and this is this is super
compressed to be a DVD that looks like a
VHS transfer yeah it's not good quality
but yes now they would come a quality
bad b-movie night film for you and your
friends to enjoy just not with us we've
already seen it and we don't want to
hang out with you and your friends ever
thanks for watching
I'm going to let him Thomas bustin every
day and were the thumbs but every day
ends with a promise button every day
ends with a promise but every day and
were the Tom's but every day ends with a
thumbs cut every day and was a fantastic
every day ends with a promise cut every
day end with a promise festival
