Nov 10, 2017
Suburban Sasquatch
youtube.com/watch?v=OCmolso_LrQ
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/929202156695117825
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-suburban-sasquatch

well everyone we're here today on
another special spotlight episode of
best of the worst and we're gonna talk
about one of our favorite films of all
time Jack I believe this was your first
time watching
maybe I've seen bits and pieces here and
there but this was my first full viewing
and we discovered suburban Sasquatch
originally on the the esteemed pendulum
pictures release six movies depraved
degenerates about pendulum pictures is a
company that buys the cheapest bottom of
the barrel shot on video stuff and just
threw them on DVDs yeah so you could say
like six movies for five bucks or
whatever it was and they're all garbage
as you can tell by all of the stills
from the film they include on the back
of the box yeah they really want to show
off what's available on this disc and
this this is from the little little
window and time when the movie packs on
DVD were a thing way again at Walmart in
the bin yeah wherever and say six movies
what a value and Grandpa's and dad's all
over the world were tricked what we love
suburban Sasquatch so much we got the
official release yeah
at some point the ownership passed hands
because this is released by a
brain-damaged films the famous brain
damage films it must have cost some
pretty penny like a one really pretty
penny
J let's do it let's do a quick rundown
apply of suburban sasquatch
while suburban Sasquatch is about a
sasquatch that shows up in suburbs and a
Native American woman I shouldn't put
woman in quotes but Native American
woman that has to hunt down the
Sasquatch with the help of a reporter
who's not really a reporter he wants to
be a reporter but nobody will pay for
his shitty articles he's an amateur
reporter who wants to win the poets of
the pool that's right and he his office
is the high school but we know it is a
high school because in the first scene
that takes place there you can see
people practicing football this is brick
just a few bucks to start my writing if
I can prove this corrupt police forces
covering our murders well it could be my
big chance it could be my breakout piece
he comes there to ask him for money even
though he hasn't written anything yet
yeah does he have any idea how jobs
would he's a loser he can only afford
one shirt and it's too large he's a
giant shirt and he sleeps on a mattress
and box spring on the floor in grandma's
bedroom he's got his computer there as
his whole setup is in this spare bedroom
in grandma's house yes
Andy he's a virgin now you're just
writing your own fan I am
I can only use logical deductions
because man has not changed a shirt how
many days go by on this movie like a
that's a very good question
look it's a patron you'll have no future
what were you doing here 70 still run
around investigating small but somewhat
interesting stories well he does have
the scene with the adult baby where he
talks about how he can't get women the
fancy restaurant they somehow got a
table before they opened there's an old
man with reverse progeria he has a baby
head it's crazy we should say before we
continue we've seen some urban sasquatch
probably six seven times at this point
it was your first time seeing it so we
got some nice new reactions but even
though we've seen it so many times we
were still laughing quite a bit like
this movie holds up
apparently it is it is so bad and so
stupid and so charming
yeah well the magical thing about it and
the very very important thing that makes
suburban Sasquatch work is that it's a
movie that they took seriously making
right it comes off like a movie you
would intentionally make a bad movie but
as we discovered watching the outtakes
the director is not a 17 year old hi I'm
Dave West cabbage and welcome to the
documentary the making a suburban
Sasquatch but I've gotten done so far as
I've met with Sarah Schneider she's
going to be the costume designer she's
going to design and work on the Bigfoot
costume we met this morning talked about
different materials the furniture robot
the director is not a high school kid
that is the most shocking thing we saw
the high school you know yeah we had
evidence of a high school some kids
making this no it is where the director
cleans toilets at that high schools a
janitor he's a janitor at the high
school the jet the janitor the director
Jamie all the janitor the janitor
his name is David miscarriage the
concept I had my life suburban sasquatch
is really going to be more than just a
horror film I'd like this to have a bit
of a statement about life and humanity's
pressing onward into nature
Dave wass coverage maskavich West
lastly Wes covered the director janitor
is a middle-aged man from Pennsylvania
again Pennsylvania in Sylvania theory
holds true and he he is a hundred
percent serious unless this is the most
elaborate Andy Kaufman asked prank you
know we tend to see things as human
beings going out and changing the world
discovering things but here's something
that's basically not only discovering us
but wants to put an influence and a
change on us let's face it we only have
nature left is the only thing that can
make any difference what we like what
what I'd like to do this isn't just
killer Bigfoot is a creature in the
woods
he's a mystical creature the the deep
story the lore if you will of suburban
task box yeah madness because he's not
just a regular Sasquatch cuz really you
just shoot him to death but yeah yeah
there's a mystical quality to him rich
the Sasquatch is a force of nature and
and and mankind the suburbs are now
encroaching upon nature that's a big
theme is man's over development and then
destruction of nature even our Native
American who represents nature has to
fight nature to stop nature from
fighting the suburbs
wait apparently he was on the third
draft of this treatment script yes yes
at the time of filming a pre-production
blog today is January 29th 2003 and I'll
give you a little status update started
writing the treatment and the outline
for the script back in mid-december just
completed the first version early
January and I just completed version two
this morning yeah where he's sitting on
his grandma's couch it looks like like a
confessional tape of someone like
admitting to murders right yeah just off
camera as a lamp made from a face just
set the camera down and his heads cut
off at the top Oh
talk about why I did what I did it's a
sasquatch
no yeah it's it's disturbing it's
shocking I mean I wish we had filmed
ourselves watching his his video because
behind the scenes stuff because he's
taking this all seriously and it's the
end product is amazing yeah the
important thing about suburban Sasquatch
is the layers of incompetence in the in
the first five minutes I was gonna say
the opening is like a thesis statement
for the rest of the film ah it's
beautiful I mean there's so much to talk
about we're just gonna break down the
first scene okay analysis of the first
scene we open day for night boom right
off the bat Oh Ron spooky woods at night
okay a couple is driving we hear them
talk then it's bad well the whole point
is to get away from the city as they're
talking about going to a party or
something the acting is atrocious and
then we see outside the window oh I mean
it's gonna be fine don't worry about it
we speculated I think you said it that
he's walking alongside the car camera
Bob that's why they're going so slow you
can clearly see out the window that
they're going one mile an hour he didn't
think the audience would notice
barely even she's worth it oh I mean
it's gonna be fine don't worry about you
remember when we filmed the recovered
James oh yeah I built a little Ray J
took two pieces of wood and made up made
a triangle shape and then we glued or we
drilled the camera to it yeah braced it
in the window done and it's completely
smooth took five minutes the best thing
about the movie but so his idea is to
drive one mile an hour and I'll walk
along with the car somehow that will
simulate driving so you have that then
you have their acting and you have the
day for night and then and then of
course the attack scene
bones start flying no blood or go around
them just bones
he had them with him separately and
threw them in the air is glorious
so amidst the context of the story and
the subplots that I have going on and
what characters are going through their
transitions they have this this creature
this seeming seemingly force of nature
that could cause so much havoc and it's
a good example to explain to the
audience here who has not seen this film
the translation like you're talking
about there's a rubber hand that you get
at the Halloween store
you know good use of that rubber hand
you see it a lot there's there's some
bones some plastic bones and they just
throw them on the floor and then they
film it but he would be like so I had my
makeup technician supervisor prepare the
prosthetics for the sequence you know
what I mean he would talk about it like
this heard filmmakers talk about movies
on commentary tracks when really it's a
rubber hand from a Halloween story that
they threw out the crown what if he paid
somebody like a special effects person
he gave him a bunch of money and they
were just like laughing behind his back
because they're like we just bought this
rubber hand at Halloween store is this
great craftsmanship yeah such such great
craftsmanship you did on this rubber
hand I see you went all the way to China
to make it those Tibetan craftsmen so we
get our intro like our entree no not our
our hor d'oeuvre advertised for storm
still there's divorce every scene in
this movie is a full-course fucking meal
we get a little taste of the movie to
come yeah and then the police officers
show up
break you up another one for you that's
a cop well I noticed that that was a cop
that's his uniform I could tell it was
the cop because he had brown pieces of
tape on his shirt good point not just
every little thing that's wrong with
those outfits I think it's really
important because there is so much wrong
with those police outfits it that that
to me is is like number one they sell
policeman costumes that you can wear for
Halloween but why do that when you got
some brown tape lying around some tape
on it not just not just the shirt guys
there is no badge no badge on the shirt
there's the thing I'm a hat a little
tinfoil or black that does not match the
color of the shirt and it's got a
cheaply painted like that silver spray
paint on like a dollar store bad police
force and officer policeman they're
always physically carrying their guns
because there is no belt no belt no
holster if there are their handcuffs are
just I mean yeah okay the shirts I don't
want to talk about our movies III will
again though because our movies are
terrible so when it came time to have
cops in space cop went online ordered
some police shirts got a belt at the
army surplus store found Milwaukee
police badges through eBay uh you know
just basic steps that are just like so
common-sense like how could you screw up
police costumes so badly unless it was
intentional like it's just like okay
here is a picture of what a cop looks
radial things like the little things
they talking to right yeah you can buy
those no you just turn around you talk
to your fax machine
why don't they have caution tape in
between like it's not surrounding the
whole area it's two different crime
sheets first so now we've made it
through the opening scene and the cop
uniforms but but that's like that is the
whole it starts it starts so poorly yeah
Oh every everything is wrong every
aspect of the movie is wrong the
disappearing body their shirts are so
fresh
there's the dudes body wasn't it on the
driver side it was their hands still
there those two actors have to leave
yeah they film that at a different time
the head no major that grows back after
Bigfoot crushes the head
there's a there's a bit of a repetition
to it which is the Sasquatch shows up he
causes some trouble he rips off some
arms and then the the Indian woman shows
up and shoots at him with her her CGI
arrows and causes the blood fountain cg
blood phone actually Indian like
Pakistani like we don't know blessing
Sanchez I think she's Hispanic
she just looks Indian and exotic so this
is so Mexican her name is hench's well
her her her grandfather is Italian oh
yeah yeah and he's wearing like a
bathrobe he looks like he looks just
like Paul Sorvino
and he sounds like him do so he's
clearly Italian the Italian Native
American chief and his Mexican daughter
they sit in the middle of someone's
freshly mowed lawn there's a couple of
sticks and some iron used some like
lighter fluid to make to light several
sticks yeah which which is a big roaring
campfire that a Native American would
have it's like five sticks in someone's
lawn well she has an authentic Native
American tepee as well it's so
incredibly lazy and incompetent no
that's what makes it magical they could
they could not have her shoot a real
arrow for some reason
we should you brought up the the CGI
arrows and she doesn't have CGI hatchets
to that she throws even though she
throws it the CGI log the hatchets wait
a minute if the arrow if the arrow hit
him in the heart then that's that's his
Achilles heel to kill him why would she
throw hatchets at him
that doesn't make any sense does it
really this is Dave Weiss cabbage I'd
like to welcome you to the
computer-generated imagery of severe
miss a Squatch the first sequence done
was the moon and trees which was in the
introduction of the credits and the
first thing that's necessary to be done
is to take a frame modeled look which is
a wireframe model of the moon in the sky
oh but but okay there in the behind the
scenes there's a little like to tutorial
or explanation of how he created the
moon in CGI and his trees and the bird -
the biggest challenge with CG modeling
comes with the motion to make it look as
natural as possible
he actually modeled and animated the CGI
in it when really like we're sitting
there watching it it looks like plugins
these are some kind of like cheap
plugins from a program but really that
just makes it that much more interesting
is he modeled and created the CGI in
this file
it's the breeze J is that what that the
logic is he had faith in this movie I
don't know why the integrity of his
artistic vision well he also talks about
the the opening shots the opening
credits which are all like 3d CG trees
and stuff and he must have spent all of
his time working on that because he did
not make a 3d model of the cop car why
why do that why why do the turning when
that looks worse than it just being flat
would Larkin why I pick it up in the
first why I pick it up the first place
like to show sasquatches strength
it makes them more intimidating for the
rest of the film because I know what
he's catching up you can share pick up a
car
one Sasquatch just shaking the car and
the cop gets chick around you could have
easily cut out the part where Sasquatch
picks up the car oh I disagree I think
that was very integral to the story you
can't just take sections of a museum
form our story make no sense that's
that's one of the magical things about
this movie is is I when I watch it I
picture it in the written form oh sure
like it the cop car scene for example on
the exterior city street night there's a
fog start because the cop is is using
his spotlight the copper ions his
spotlight into the darkness it vanishes
and the misty fog and the lights not on
because they shot it during the day the
darkness and attacks you know he's right
in it and I'm sure he pictured it
completely differently in his head and
then we see how it turned out
what was that thing look someone has to
stop these hoity-toity women that drive
around eating hot dogs from living in
the suburbs we know they're rich because
they have a chandelier a moped and they
bought things at a store also we're
gonna be a shower women do something and
just driving around eating hot dogs
when I think of rich white people I
think of them eating hot dogs no well
the chandelier the chandelier in the car
my hot dogs just says elegance to me it
really does it even put any condiments
on the thing it's just a hot dog in a
bun
J it's it's it's a high quality meat in
that hot dog oh okay it's you don't
spoil it with the condiments you know
it's like putting a like a1 sauce on a
really nice steak just don't do exactly
there's something there sending a
message though because as she is eating
the hotdog we are treated to footage of
the Sasquatch eating a person what
someone they say the parallel know
nature who consumes things is mad at the
socialites because they also consume
things and that's why Nature doesn't
like hot dogs
he's saying the Bigfoot is no worse than
the fat sex lady eating a hot dog
they're exactly equal and you know what
just go throw it more suburbs fuck it
well I'd like to talk about you said
earlier the cop car scene was the best
attack scene in the movie oh there's so
many but there are there's lots of
attack scenes the best one though in my
opinion is the the fisherman
and then he rips off the got his arm and
throws it so hard at the other guy that
he knocks him unconscious by hitting him
in the chest and then the guy lays there
facedown in the water for several hours
and then he just gets up he's mine you
know that that reminds me a lot of
another attack scene my personal
favorite I think because like I think
everyone has their own favorite attack
there there are there is a lovely
progressive lesbian couple - you're
assuming they're lesbians just because
the one has a bandana no they're both
wearing awful jean shorts
then you put it back on so Sasquatch
must have went to go grab the arm and
put it back only then because he's so
vicious to rip it off again and then he
starts eating it and we like cut to
later and he has devoured the whole body
except for the arm that we saw him to
start eating yeah right it's a
commentary the sanctity of marriage on
the 3d nature because that was what arm
was that was a ring field yeah think
about that
between a man and a woman so what you're
saying is Sasquatch does not approve of
gay marriage but you don't my favorite
Bigfoot kill season I have had a bug
Bigfoot kill so this man walking
the car repairman no no no no there's a
man walking around outside in the
suburbs so we're treated to minutes of a
man just walking around saying Muffy we
were still thinking attention yeah then
we finally see this like Hitchcock is
his small poodle this man's small poodle
Muffy who Bigfoot picks up oh he broke
his stomach bone this is more of
Bigfoot's magical powers which is that
before he tears the dog in half he turns
it into a stuffed animal the dog as a
part of nature was encroaching upon
nature and some Bigfoot had to eat the
dog okay because nature yeah all right
well and you know a lot I think you know
Bigfoot's muddled motivations is
actually more speaking to his
animalistic nature because he has
sometimes he'll eat people sometimes
he'll take a foot and drink the blood
out of a bud sometimes he'll tie women
up in his tarp cage yes captive for the
tusks air
Bigfoot is taking hostages for some
reason and they apparently can't break
free from very thin vines that they can
move their arms all around from yeah he
needs something to snack on when he's
not outside worming about just eating
random people you can ask him home when
he comes home he's got someone to eat
it's like a refrigerator yeah I don't
know if that was to imply that there
might be some sexual misconduct well we
do know this Sasquatch does have a dong
they discovered that from me we thought
we saw it in the movie but then when you
see the behind-the-scenes footage it's
it's clear as day that's a giant
Sasquatch dick see man made tarps and
men put tarps in his cave with his
nature yes and because of that big
Sasquatch has to rape no the woman of
man's he rich you're ready time to this
wrong maze like mess in the caves to
tarp over nature that's why Bigfoot was
summoned to go to the suburbs which is
tarping over nature
the the the Mexican Indian she does
babble on about something about nature
and and there's a whole there's also an
underlying theme about belief we get to
our final test of faith where where our
Native American Mexican has fallen ill
if you will El Pollo Han tiss-you
thought of that one I was going you were
just I was waiting for it yeah and by
the way I think you think you know his
faith has put to another test because
she is hurt by Bigfoot wouldn't be la
jolla hunters just a few no I don't
speak Spanish I'm sorry lol I think is
masculine oh yeah I think it's LA but I
don't really die don't I don't know but
let us know contact that regulator
media.com
comment below what is it el martes
please comment below
movie end bien muy bueno reading about
fat cops character arc yeah yeah that's
important this fat causes anti character
arc
why are you so eager to keep this quiet
geez two months ago when that convict
was loose your clothing Polk County for
help
and now we have a murderer out there and
you have it you'll know he doesn't want
anyone else to investigate sasquatch
but it's it's because it's a personal
vendetta for him I just got out of the
police force services and I ever
recently married and we decided to live
in the piece of nature not a mr. crime
medieval of the city when he hears his
own flashback scene where where he has a
wife
they're not even trying no they are
that's the problem
and so then fat cap goes to grab a
shotgun and then awkwardly runs up to
Big Foot with the shotgun rather than
shooting at him from a distance and he
gets knocked over where it's I don't
think you know how guns work so like yes
is there close range
this is a very deep work much he's he's
like he's like Captain Ahab now and Moby
Dick oh yeah where the sack Squatch it's
his white whale here's the important
thing about fat cop he is the only one
with a back story in this situation
motivation and a motivation so finally
he confronts Bigfoot Sasquatch gets away
and he and other cop walk away never to
be seen again yes for the rest of the
movie they're they're holding Eldin each
other up and they just disappear into
the woods I think they actually have a
line that says that's all we could do
yeah
anything you think they mean just for
that that moment like we did what we can
do but we'll get him next time but
there's no next time this was the third
draft goddamn supposed to fix these
problems maybe you can show up at the
end you get like like beholding Bigfoot
back with a robe so that the Pillsbury
newsboy can shoot it with the arrow
didn't listen we've all been there shape
wise but you got a dress for your body
not the body you want you know I'm
saying well the body he want if he's if
that's the body he wants and he wants to
be a 300-pound man because it's much too
large this shirt is very large Hey look
I say the kudos to the costume designer
for Bigfoot yeah
I think what attracted me to the
production of the first place was the
fact that I really wanted to work with
Dave Ross cabbage because I've always
wanted to work on a Dave Ross cabbage
film and I'm we share a lot of the same
sentiments when it comes to sasquatch
what's your favorite parkland it's gotta
be the tits it's gotta be the Bigfoot
tits that are just flopping around with
these weird fucking looking nipples the
mismatched colored gloves and I had it
all perfect the face and the hands which
is where his actual skin is showing or a
different color than his his tits
well we're forgetting them the most
important thing about the whole film we
were speaking of Bigfoot it's that's
chapter five the song decide when one
could simply find a sound effect of a
gorilla mixed with a lion and put them
together Slayer um slowed them down so
they apparently then des voix snitch
eight seconds at a fisher-price tape
recorder
it is a hard cut loop yeah over and over
and over and it never stops being funny
it's it's its comedic perfection
achieved on accident yeah that sums up
the whole movie actually I feel like
don't don't flip on Dave wass Covino
this movie brought us so much joy yeah
it has literally brought us joy take the
door it's a lot of work gotta pop off
the 3-pin sup
I started off hosting so so so that
brings us to the conclusion of this
episode of best of the worst and our
discussion of suburban Sasquatch one of
our favorite B movies of all time this
is something where you can watch 10
times in every viewing you will find
something new that is very wrong with it
yeah that opening scene the opening
attack scene after that when the cops
are investigating I never noticed
there's just a rubber hand shoved into
the car door
I shouldn't be any surprise for anybody
who knows my writing or my filmmaking
style that predominately what I do when
I shoot or when I write is I really want
to have an underlying theme like I'm
happy that he made it because I get to
enjoy it and what if he learned lessons
we're gonna buy all of his movies we are
gonna watch everything what if as a
filmmaker he you know progresses and
gets better
I think he's gonna hone his craft and
one day he might even win a new skirt
you are rewarded joke of the day
