Oct 27, 2018
Carnivore, HauntedWeen, and Black Roses
youtube.com/watch?v=7AbMMTwu3Fs
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1056184251039703040
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-carnivore-hauntedween-and-black-roses

oh oh hi Jay oh hi Mike happy Halloween
well happy Halloween to you too oh my
god you're actually wearing a spooky
t-shirt just like the rest of us
that's right J I went through my closet
and this is the scariest shirt that I
own
well except for this well let's get
started so today we picked out three
films from our horror movie collection
and we're gonna watch each one of the
films talk about them later and the boy
boy is suffice happening
what just happen I what do you guys
everything okay over there don't call me
again
sort of bitch what's happening did he
start drinking again is his he possessed
by a demon
speaking of demons it's Halloween
let's talk about the films why are you
laughing let's watch it Oh Mike what's
the first movie our first film is a film
that I personally picked
it's called carnivore now I picked this
film for three particular reasons okay
and those would be the three stills used
on the back of the box
one is a silhouetted man with the smoke
machine behind him one appears to be the
President of the United States and the
third is possibly the monster something
the titular carnivore they seem to have
used mostly stills where you can't see
what's happening yes and to me that's a
good sign from afar
oh this was the other reason okay where
we know it's a complete hack job from
afar the old Romero House no tip to
low-budget horror filmmakers don't do
that never ever do that they're paying
homage to 17th century Mexican artist
Jose Romero oh is that what it is yeah
Oh what did you guys think it was right
next to the Savini house yep Bryant the
17th century French impressionist
painter right
so many references that we mistakenly
interpret as horror nods anyways the
from afar the old Romero house looks
like a decrepit old mansion reputedly
haunted but what the locals don't know
is that behind the facade of this
ancient building the US government has
built a state-of-the-art high-tech field
lab which houses one of the world's most
gruesome experiments a backlit rubber
monster Abeka a rubber monster
terrifying machine and suddenly the
creature is free to roam the house oh no
it's gonna all take place in a house the
Romero house is the Romero house at this
I guess Night of the Living Dead takes
place in a house it does and that's it
that's a classic film the movie room
takes place in a room well not all of it
the TV show dr. house takes place in a
house yes
Beetlejuice takes place in a house lots
of movies lots of movies have houses in
them I think you're missing the point
I can't wait to watch carnivore that
makes one of us rich is implying that
there's paranormal activity happening
with this camera Oh in enough for a
subtle effort to mock me and my belief
in ghosts what it's like the cameras are
operating on their own this is so spooky
check the audio for EVPs I checked this
audio for EVPs let's listen well you
can't hear an EVP it's beyond the range
of human hearing it only appears I was
saying an editing we cut oh okay yeah
did it say don't watch carnivore it was
just a warning from beyond the morning
from George Romero he didn't want to
attached to the film the ghost of George
Romero is trying to warn us let's go
this area has been superseded by the
United States government and is now
under quarantine I am instructed in this
area
did you build a government lab with a
haunted house being visited by the
drunken
oh it's my face Micah next film is
haunted ween what haunted we haunted
ween and this is an unusual DVD it's
signed by the writer director W Doug
Robertson I have no idea if he sent this
to us
or if it was somebody that got it signed
at like a convention and then they were
like well this is embarrassing I don't
want this in my collection I'll give it
to the Milwaukee guys yeah because this
is the 20th anniversary edition so this
is a movie that was made 20 years ago
well depending on when this DVD was made
there's no date on it so who knows by
the way that's just a fucking terrible
title haunted ween yeah there's one I
saw Netflix called like how low weed
it's like a STONER Halloween movie I'm
sure that one's great
oh yeah you know they're the hat that
has its audience
haunted ween when fantasy becomes a
deadly reality oh my god that's my life
going with the theme of bad stills we
have it looks like some VHS stills on
the back here ignite it looks like a
duck not yeah what the fuck you know
what isn't spooky is people lounging on
the beach I don't think of that when I
think of Halloween 20 years ago a deadly
accident forced Eddie Berber from his
home when Eddie was younger he never got
his chance to be part of the family
business the Berber haunted house ooh at
haunted houses now that he's home he
wants to play a little Berber a haunted
house a ring to it yeah like like Berber
factory bolts well I think I'm like
Gerber and they give that baby food I
think I think of more like like Berber
and washer and nut company BRR BRR BRR
BRR BRR PVC pipes and plastic caps okay
this doesn't exist this is just the
sound it just Berber sounds like oh I
think I'm thinking of Gerber there's a
company called Gerber it's not said that
their need baby food no no no it's a
different company they repair your car
okay auto collision repair Gerber so
Berber it's not a good name for a horror
haunted house I didn't know there were
so many girls after Spooky's haunted
house you know names and Berber Oh God
Berber is doughnuts
Berbers Berbers just keep saying Berber
Berber can go in front of any particular
business other than a haunted house
mr. spooky Mr scary dr. Acula haunted
house now ladies home he wants to play
he tells a college fraternity they can
use the house as a fundraiser we got
another house movie
while the signifies prepare their rooms
for fun and thrills Eddie prepares his
special room for blood and kills okay
the director wrote this and they hate it
as cries echo from the house you wonder
are they screaming for their life or
cheering for their death why would you
cheer quiet as as cries echo from the
howl oh you wonder at not they wonder I
still don't understand me doesn't matter
one thing for sure one thing for sure
nobody knows it's really happening
people are dying and people are laughing
some of these sentences rhyme and some
don't
filmed in Kentucky Tennessee oh wait
Kentucky is a state and so is Tennessee
that there could be a Kentucky in
Tennessee hallway no filmed in Kentucky
Tennessee and at Western Kentucky
University all that's staying in J
failed geography and grade school I just
read the thing seventeen dollars and 13
cents you are currently passed do in the
amount of $3,700
if we do not receive your dues in full
will be forced to revoke your membership
as a national fraternity oh my god it's
so wacky what hey Thank You gremlin our
next film is black roses wow Mike I
can't believe our studio is infested
with spooky gremlins it's weird
cuz it's Halloween what a coincidence
our last film of the night is black
roses complete with classic green horror
sticker you know that's exciting
that's a fun cover yeah there's a
three-dimensional cover pop out there
desperate to sell copies of this turn up
the volume turn down the lights don't
watch it alone and we won't because
there are four of us yeah there's a guy
singing on the back who kind of looks
like Slade Craven what was that what was
the rock guy from trick-or-treat
Sammy Kerr got a photographic memory
only when it comes to shitty heavy metal
horror films right because you don't
remember what our states are everything
you remember Sammy Kerr the important
thing yeah the important things in life
but yeah this monster looks pretty cool
yeah monster when the sleepy town of
Mill Basin no basins okay no it's no
Berber is invaded by a sleazy band of
hard rockers the self-righteous
townspeople try to stop their concert
series I guess there's a Mill Basin is
such a big city and there's such a big
band they have to have a series of shows
so many things wrong
that sentence when the band finally
overcomes parental objections a town
full of normal Midwestern kids begins to
turn bad who these kids turn into
monsters right before your very eyes
last sentence the special effects are
fantastic not really part of a
description that's no it's like they got
bored with the plot its effects are good
it's just an opinion in the description
that's what you want on your description
for a film it's not quoted by anyone
it's just an assist it's just whoever
that like whatever intern they hired to
write the back of the box that was just
his opinion and now it's it's a fact
about the film special effects are
fantastic it's all chemistry oh my god
it is so you have to show that maybe
they throw black roses around and those
infected with smell that there's some
sort of pollen in it the turned into a
monster like like alien covenant right
yes yeah which by the way in that movie
the special effects are fantastic that's
in the the official decision
that's what Ridley Scott just kept
saying in interviews and they they
thought he was just a senile old man but
he was actually referencing black roses
it's a film about space explorers who
land on that planet encounter a
mysterious alien the special effects are
fantastic mr. Scott you don't have to
yell right here
they needed to set this up with tennis
lessons earlier no I didn't gotta take
these tennis lessons no tennis yeah I'm
late in the movie who is that the random
person at the concert what was that uh
somebody got killed she got home alone -
did
I do best why did the Halloween episode
to become the very drinking there was
one year where Jack got got really drunk
does that what started the tradition
take a still image into Halloween only
spooky
hey guys thanks for coming to my farm as
you know I grew up on a farm you grew up
on this farm and I'm really I don't mean
to sad as we talked about many best of
the worst ago I grew up on a farm and
I'm really happy that you guys could
come finally join me on the old Packard
family farm now which isn't haunted at
all right
there are definitely no ghosts no ghouls
no Skellington okay that's good
creepiest scarecrow
so the first movie we watched was for
the first movie we'll watch is carnivore
I'm terrible at thanks forgot already
satisfy your hunger for horror
I picked this film so I will this is
Mike's responsibility Jack you're doing
a hell of a job hosting a meal I feel
like I've done a great job you're
welcome I picked carnivore based on
three stills on the back of which all of
which legitimately appeared in the film
one was a silhouette of a man with smoke
machine behind him the middle picture I
thought was the president because it
says there's this the official seal and
the flag and it says of the United
States turnout Cameron Mitchell not
Cameron Mitchell should have been played
by Cameron Mitchell turns out it was the
head of the CIA a government agency in
charge of monsters yes some some sort of
agency that bought possibly rented an
abandoned house I read it as they
created a house that looked abandoned
from scratch oh that's a strike if they
were renting I'd like to see that lease
agreement yeah that's that's some $60 a
month to rent this abandoned house with
no plumbing or heat or electricity by an
old house because it's not going to have
a lab underneath it in this room so you
have to build an abandoned house from
scratch it's like it's like that mansion
in Jurassic world fallen Kingdom where
it's like a mansion but underneath
there's an entire like dinosaur DNA
research facility that stretch
Cunningham had no idea
well possibly they built an underground
research lab and then brought in like a
movie studio the haunted house set and
locked it up movie studio has been very
generous to detract they went to the
local Jaycees haunted house and they
took their sets and they wanted to
detract from teenagers trying to sneak
into their haunted house on Halloween to
have sex when they could have just built
their underground laboratory anywhere in
in the middle of nowhere in the desert
middle and OA area 51 super monster
experiments in area 51 put it where it
is now put it in the small town but then
just build like a big concrete brick
with a door on time this is something
that's not enticing for people to go
into and have sex in they don't want the
teenagers to come into the haunted house
yet they have a haunted house that
drunken teenagers would want to come
into here anything rich they they say
they don't want teenagers to come into
their house yet they have just dirty
beds lying everywhere and like stacks of
condoms next to the bed Pasiphae four
teenagers had sex on and something is
playing like like sexy Kenny G music
that it made it look like they're
watching
that's pornography mouthing nipply there
yeah there's a little sex scene you're
skipping ahead 45 minutes into the movie
we got so about the first 45 minutes
where nothing happens
oh okay well we just did oh oh yeah the
one guy in the inn I think what was the
best scene in the film once they finally
see the carnival oh god yes from zero to
60 40 minutes you see he starts tearing
the guy apart and throwing his guts
everywhere but then after that our our
other three surviving teenage leads
vanish from the film they're just gone
the cop the cops get to the house and
our teenage characters are like there's
a monster in the house there's a monster
house you go
the real story here is the monster gets
out scientist lady comes to save the
monster and her meatheads shoot it
that's the whole story now and for an
hour of the movie is them just driving
to the house white while teenagers play
around in it yes the teenage we didn't
realize that that people driving to the
house were the main characters we
thought the teenagers in the house where
the main character here's the thing the
the film is not focused on main
characters the film is focused on a
subversion of expectations this is an
early Rian Johnson where you think that
the monster is a bad guy that's good
that's just a vicious clawing mind we
thought that because he viciously tore
the guts out of a kid run took that
person's guts and threw it at Kelly
bunny because he was bad because of
these things you know that does evil
things set up yeah shut that up although
it's explained in the film that the
monster is triggered by pheromones
well we discover that after the fact hey
yeah the setup happens after the pigeon
pay off and set up yeah it's a virtue
expectations this is an early Rian
Johnson film Walker but the monster
communicates with with CIA FBI whatever
lady government lady will call her
government lady
you think the movies about a
psychopathic like bloodthirsty carnivore
monster thrown in a lab that's just
gonna kill indiscriminately but really
the monster is the victim it's about an
evil government agency that wanted the
monster killed instead of studied
because okay we never find out why the
government agency lady was an entirely
different person for half of the car
ride
hey lady can you believe she fell asleep
yeah she seems like the type
I heard why is she sleeping why for some
reason government lady she's taking a
nap in the limousine in a very strange
fashion yeah that covers up her and
tires you probably don't see her face
Barry were like this is weird
what if they couldn't get the actress
that day that's what it is probably
actors can show up that day okay one
shot I guess that's a clever workaround
you got to work within your limitations
but then it happens like three more
times yeah she's in the background like
on the phone on a conference call don't
check the containment I'm calling it
kind of so so the director in a wig
that's brilliant
so did she leave production early
because she realized what a shit movie
she was in did they not have the budget
to get her for those days I I think it's
they they had the movie scheduled out um
she was sort of a big deal Arkansas she
was a crest commercial she was five
years before she was in the commercial
so this was like their big get and
they're like oh we only have her for a
couple days well shoot everything we
can't and anything we don't need her for
I'll just wear a wig the director said
that they could have cut that hole so
you know yeah and that's the thing is
that scene didn't have anything to do
with anything you know what you could
have cut every scene out and it would
have been a good movie look literally
you could cut out the entire teenager
teenagers being in the house yeah and
the movie still makes which is the first
half of the movie which we thought that
was what the movie was about until it
wasn't any you can make this movie two
minutes long the monster rips
the teenager and the monster rips apart
the cops face the film does everything
wrong yeah even the monster and the sets
all the applicants but we got we there's
not much more to the movie otherwise we
would be listing off more things I think
we shouldn't focus on some of the good
well really like the to good which is
the one wall that fucking the radio was
sweet we see the same wall over and over
and over the famous wall the famous wall
where it's like they had like exposed
brick but it's just like a decal
although they just put on and multiple
times throughout the film they're going
from one white room with expose fake
exposed bricks to another white with a
brick
that wall the wall with the light beams
was amazing but wasn't utilized I was
thinking the other wall the original
wall was utilized more than the wall
with the light beams I think they came
up with the wall with the light beams
later Oh somebody fell in like oh I fell
in poked holes in the wall look at that
there's Jay are you on Team brick wall
cuz I'm on team light wall Oh light wall
must be used sparingly or else it will
get old yeah that's true but it's so
good as you stare inhaling those are
your money shots - money shots you need
those shot but you movie to be money
shots - your shot is a specific one-time
use only team brick wall they reuse
their wall that's what I'm saying it's
old news
because it's you know what it's reliable
it's it's sturdy it's dependable this
movie sucks so much we're talking about
a wall that's character wait wait we're
team light wall no Jay's clearly seen
brick wall rich I
I think the brick wall is more
interesting because it's so stupid you
can't hold movie be the interesting wall
do you remember the connoisseur you need
you need boring walls in between the
interesting wall shots to make the
interesting wall does that much more
special wait
do you remember know when our four main
characters went up to the attic now the
house yes I do it was this wonderful
like visually interesting land there
there were lots of things up there attic
was filled with weird interesting things
it was filled with cobweb no and one
candelabra was it how back with the
truck and Rob the attic it was filled
with so many interesting things
the subplot the subplot where they were
gonna steal things that just fell out of
the movie but we had happened in the
Attic he wanted to come back with the
truck steal the candelabra steal
multiple things of the Attic because it
was so interesting stabbed in the head
with the nails of the board and then the
wounds toast a whore that was they went
up to the attic and then they came down
from the attic and then they were gone
what but I'm saying why didn't they go
back to the Abbey because they
disappeared from the movie entirely this
is classic team brick wall Gaslight you
just maybe steamrolling over the
important facts to support your
narrative maybe they found something in
the Attic that made them ascend from the
movie into a higher plane of existence
oh okay they are bullshit team brick
walls bullshit team Broncos bullshit I
want to I want to address your point
that the walls exposed fake bricks was a
fake sticker on the lawn I don't think
it was oh oh I think I think do you
think the science lab that's in the
movie was a real science movies a fake
you shut up this was based on a true
story I read all about it
Museum it's time what the fuck is he
doing he's J is pouring shots of maker's
mark
yeah I'm pouring shots thinking about
having that at this Jayla all I'm doing
is making it worse for myself go Jack no
we didn't conclude our discussion of
carnivals we just stopped cardboard much
I didn't choose your giggle you have hey
here's my glass where you have a piece
of hain don't know how this works
nobody to your things
oh Jesus Christ this was a bad idea
a very bad idea you remember when you
murdered cats good night sweet cats who
brought the fucking shot glasses gonna
be funny it turns out that's a terrible
idea
you have a murdered cats you grew up on
the farm you get a lot of cats sometimes
the cat's gotta go down why are you
doing this to me good night sweet pea
all you're doing is making this party
when Jay dies and he reaches the pearly
gates there's thousands and thousands of
cats cats don't have souls nothing they
do and they have worms coming out of
their ears that's Jay I've never killed
a cat Josh you saw like the movies from
here on out right switch places here
that's the word like it doesn't make
sense for we're done okay keep going
no keep talking your sons
this episode brought to you by alcohol
why is rich freaking out it's not I'm
gonna take a walk which is rightfully
given up this is gone this is gone this
is gone
Oh jack oh I'll see in a few days where
we redo this okay continue all right we
need it we need an actual transit no it
has to just cut to someone else be near
his place she's gonna lay down
oh and we're back we decided to take you
know a break for a few days no reason no
particular reason you know it's possible
that one of us got a little out of
control but now we're back and we're
gonna continue talking about these
movies as if nothing had happened so the
next movie we watched was haunted ween
rich can you please talk about haunted
ween yes well in the in the grand
tradition of Halloween horror movies
haunted ween is a college drunken boner
comedy until it isn't it isn't anymore
well it starts off as a horror movie
where there's a haunted house as a kid
it takes he does the tickets out front
but he wants me if one of the people who
does the stairs inside
well we technically we start off this is
like 20 years in the past yes but
there's a flash-forward within that
flashback
where he's just like some kid is chasing
a girl in a room and we don't know
what's happening and then the title
comes in comic sans Comic Sans like
before Comic Sans is even a thing isn't
it I think this movie invented Comic
Sans in the grand tradition of Halloween
movies invented the Comic Sans fuck the
kid his name is Eddie Berber and this is
the Berber family farm slash haunted
house Jason Jason Voorhees Michael Myers
and Berbers wait Eddie Berber remember
how I theorized like what the Berber
Berber auto glass Berber yeah Berber
family air conditioning and ductwork
yeah that would explain some things in
this movie business they bake industrial
ductwork for buildings and they're
practicing on their own home looks like
a family business you put it together
yeah you put it together yeah that's
what Berber family house has like the
ductwork out of die hard for some reason
here's where we get to the fun part is
he's this little boy is chasing a girl
around the kill room yes and the his
whole thing is like he has to take the
tickets at the at the front gate but he
wants to be a part of the haunted house
and so he sneaks in with the girl so he
sneaks in with the girls to scare her to
chase her around and she accidentally
impales herself on some sort of stick
what it's a fantastic question it's just
bizarre cuz it's like you either have an
accident and then he feels guilt from
the accident and that drives him crazy
or he is a homicidal maniac and he kills
her but instead they do both III
definitely think they were going for
that that hurt that accidental death
that drove him crazy the problem is it
like drives him instantly crazy yes yes
to the point that he can manifest
machetes out of nowhere we're not
exaggerating to say the next 50 minutes
of this movie is a straight-up boner
college comedy teens in the 90s love
this music this swing music was back on
i theorize during the screening that
this was just a boner comedy about
saving the frat and then they were
retrofitted it to make it a horror shot
a couple little scenes to sprinkle in it
almost feels like that for a good 75
percent of the movie hey Rashad 98% of
solo a Star Wars story do some things
like that might be too deep of a cut no
one remembers solo anymore yeah
was this Kathleen Kennedy's first
producer job they shoot the whole film
we shot one film now let's reshoot half
of it to make a new film but one's a
horror movie in months a boner comedy
five get Ron Howard I don't know why
Kevin Kennedy has a smoke
this is seriously just the crew fucking
around here's the thing this movie
alright the the action once you get to
the horror part at the end actually a
neat premise you know oh Jesus he always
wanted to be a part of the show as a kid
oh yeah you need to remind the audience
of that more than like you know have it
in the opening scene and then an hour
later 50 minutes we go to a fundraiser
and all that shit you know it's like
well I I got this great idea where the
diseases this is haunted house that the
kids are doing and but the kills are
real in this one room yeah I can't just
do the whole movie about the kills
college the frat house needs the money
and then and then before you know it
you've got an hour of just crap I just
read watch the Revenge of the Nerds
let's just do this there's really needed
to be an episode of Tales from the Crypt
yeah this is a half an hour's worth of
story stretched you you keep you keep
the intro you count 99% of the fret you
keep oh we have money troubles but
introduce the characters who get killed
a haunted house killer there you go
you keep it you keep it a bris 20
minutes leave enough time for the
Cryptkeeper to show up at the beginning
in the end and you're golden I think the
problem with this being a Tales from the
Crypt episode though if you were to make
this like 25 minutes long is that 15 of
that would be the girls stripping and
walking into the water it's very very
cold she's trying to trying to focus the
camera this is why you made the movie
focus on the fog again I spent seven
hours try to talk her taking her top off
the character arc of the killer was that
he his psychosis was he needed to kill
people inside of a haunted house in
order to fulfill his fantasy of being
the guy inside the haunted house that
kills people
yeah why in the heck did he kill those
two people in the woods oh because so
much time had gone on because the movie
had gone on for an hour there was no
kills is at that point he could he could
have been walking around the town just
killing locals you know just random
people or just a been a regular old
serial killer you you found a plot hole
and I did I'm Charlotte how dare you a
haunted ween
just get on with it though he's being a
showman oh wow oh my fall forward
the haunted ween starts so well the last
what is it 15 20 minutes is finally what
the entire point of the movie is
supposed to be which is the these people
go in one room there's fake killings oh
man they cut a person in half and it's
mannequin legs then you go in the second
room and that's ready Berbers doing the
real killing if you're gonna do that
premise you actually need to really nail
the acting and the effects in the real
portion the wrist was pretty neat well
that's that's the thing is is that's the
main character's girlfriend she's
duct-taped to the wall and Eddie Berber
cuts her guts out and then slits her
wrists
I'm glad they spent so much time in that
romance subplot yeah okay but then it
turns out that she's she's fine it's
just a flesh wound I don't know the girl
who's she's go outside take a leak and
then it he picks her up it looks like
he's shaking of martinis so high that
she hits her head on a tree branch we
don't know we don't know what happened
you know better she she got so scared as
she was being lifted up that she just
passed out whatever happened it was
wrong a frame when you get a sudden
jerky motion I don't know about you guys
but I just immediately I'm done I'm done
for you're like one of those goats you
hear a loud loud sound painting goats
I've never heard they never heard of the
face it goes no when you if you startle
them they they're they have some kind of
just flaw that's like a design it's like
some genetic flaw that has been bred
into them this is legitimately the most
amazing thing I've heard in a long time
well buddy scoot and there he goes
there are goat farms that specialize in
these specific goats so people can go
there pay money to scream it go to make
them fall down still here and watch this
episode's gonna be a little like guys we
gotta scream we gonna go far that's how
we can destroy the movie that go falls
on the tape
so the end of the movie the hillbilly
guy shoots the flamethrower down the
duct work at Berber Berber parently
burns him but not his mask yes it burns
the skin under his mask but the mask is
fine
I guess it's that he Berber who was a
kid in the beginning of the film like
the twist would me ever like one of the
frat guys if you were like Big Jim oh
yeah right big chin would be a twist big
chin would be its own I love triangles
yeah that's right they deduce the love
triangle and they're happy with the frat
the the girl wasn't happy with the with
Tim Tebow she's saying your friends are
crazy I'm gonna go date this guy and
yeah yeah rich rich like I said you need
to write a tease they're very popular
right now you could make a lot of money
there you go just even the most simple
ideas that we just barf out here maybe
at some point in the future like I will
be sucked backwards in time and I wrote
all of these notes and each of these
films has a warning for you not to get
sucked back in time but you're not
paying attention you're making fun of
the movies well if we wanted to make our
own haunted ween we could start an
IndieGoGo for it I think it's safe to
say we'd make more money than the actual
IndieGoGo 400 here to made oh how
embarrassing and you know sometimes we
get a little squeamish about pointing
stuff like this out but clearly whoever
started this IndieGoGo is a huge
dickhead
well we looked him up what was his name
it was like like Dicky Bushman or
something weird that's exactly it some
name where you're like oh that sounds
like the name of a sleazebag he had like
85 films to his name and they were like
yeah sure leader slumber massacre tit
stab party six yeah it was just like
Richard you're taking notes slumber
teenagers the next script you have to
work on ascend back in time
there's no slumber party no teenagers no
massacre no tits you know they screwed
it up see now that now that we've
mentioned that movie it magically just
appeared on her shelf up there it's like
oh now it's in our lives you always
wonder about that cuz like Doug
Robertson he never made another movie
after this they're like it's just that
one thing mm-hmm
you know they got film cameras they
showed something behind the scenes stuff
or they've like dolly tracks oh there
he's they're doing their best there they
looked at it and they said oh my god
this is a big piece of shit this was a
big pain in the ass
let's just stop others I'm gonna go get
my law degree yeah others have not been
so wise yes sir I've just continued
that's true
yeah that's soul-searching moment you
know yeah I don't want to be the next
Don Dahler
why keep trying the first one was just
terrible I could be a manager at a
hardware store maybe maybe that's why
the movie just awkwardly ends
I wouldn't expected way buddy what oh my
god he's just gonna drive away that's
unexpected still running five exciting
that's fucking amazing the van is on
fire and it drives off they fades to
black because that was just when they
gave up they clearly had a tractor with
a chain that was pulling this van along
and and they thought it looked cool that
it was still going again and then it
started rolling down the hill and I'll
just add it in yeah engine noise oh yeah
rolled right into like a little league
baseball game that's why I did another
the IndieGoGo campaign it's a front it's
just they're they're legal legal fees
they're paroles coming on
you
so that was haunted ween one part one
marble haunted Weber twos coming
number two is coming as soon as we raise
the money in our own IndieGoGo that
haunted we an already was number two so
oh my gosh she's the corner my mic had
15 shots in between there was discussion
and our boss just just just just touched
my my soul my goal on the family farm
the Packard family farm there have been
rumors of the corn coming a life oh I'm
attacking people corn itself the corn
that sounds like the least scary thing
ever you would think so that's a lot
less scary than Haunted Wien that would
have been a better segue if you said
black roses
our next film is called black roses our
next film is called black roses it is a
rock and roll demon scary movie as is
now apparently a tradition it's
tradition we do the heavy metal horror
yeah I know why that has become a thing
but it has J why don't you tell us all
about black roses black roses is a
cautionary tale about the evils of heavy
metal non ironically
it's not even like oh the townspeople
they think metal is evil but it really
isn't no this is like reefer madness for
the 80s for metal until now and now we
find that disciples of the devil are
invading our town and threatening to
steal our children away from us yes yes
their image oh this is so frightening
this cartoon skeleton with googly eyes
usually in a movie once you've got like
the uptight locals in the small town who
are against the the things that the
scare them cuz they're not familiar with
it coming into town
they're usually and they're usually in
the wrong yeah yes and this time in this
town they they have a meeting because
the band black roses is coming to town
for five nights in the small town of
Mill Creek most well-known leishan 1000
population 1000 most well-known for
manufacturing shitty DVDs yeah but yeah
the van is coming to town for five days
they have like an entire town hall
meeting in the auditorium where Nancy
Reagan is like this is gonna be terrible
they're gonna corrupt our children but
then like the mayor whoever that guy is
he's like no remember the Beatles Rock
what about Little Richard Chuck Berry
nor a first came out if your parents
squawk and what about the Beatles let's
don't forget the Beatles
they're like oh wow so I side with this
guy turns out Nancy Reagan was right oh
yeah the the mayor's a little laid-back
is like oh I'm a rock and roll
parents were scared loosen up squares
yeah yeah no it turns out the band is
evil they do corrupt the children and
all everything just goes to hell one of
the following scenes is all the the
adults go to preview of the first
night's concert yes and it's a very like
clean show and the guys sing in light
it's like a ballad like a yeah what's
the problem you know 45 seconds into the
song they're like that's fine yeah I
don't suppose there's any real harm to
them we're to assume that they've never
seen any previous material or heard
music from black roses they're going
solely on their cartoon skull logo we
haven't even heard the music look at
this it could be based on what we
discovered throughout the movie which is
that the band is evil and they turn into
weird lumpy monsters as we see in the
opening scene which is them playing in
another town
they're already the monsters so I would
assume word travels and so when they're
sitting like this bad is evil like my
cousin is in another town and they were
there and they turned into Ninja Turtle
monsters they just played it they just
played in Portland yeah and the entire
crowd turned into zombies and hate
people I don't think they should come
here yeah is the arc of the stories the
entire auditorium of people being
murdered or dying yeah might have made
the news yeah you think like we were all
eaten by monsters
and a rock concert and and and video
cameras were around and it was black
roses who did it they're on the bill is
an evil band who turns us into monsters
yeah and they they're just read the news
this film would work in like 1890 the
band travels faster than like like the
the letter carrier element where they
got to get to the next town before the
band playing we have to beat the Pony
Express this receives a telegram was we
do discover the people in this town are
not very bright which is why all the
high school students are 40 years old
no the same ages the teachers is
repeating the 12th grade it never fails
to make me smile when that one student
who was clearly over 40 years old tries
to overcompensate for his age by
physically acting yo god I really want
somebody takes it away
that's silly they said 45 year old man
feel doing that he doesn't care that
he's dressed like Ernest P Worrell
Canada he's 34 cousin convertible only
what they think is evil is evil you know
they call the shots because they're the
adults
forty-five-year-old man this is actually
a PTA meeting the board together
utilizing the classroom the only way I
could keep track of who was the teacher
who was the student is that the teacher
had a Tom Selleck mustache that's one of
the biggest flaws of the movie that we
should talk about is the high school
literature teacher is our protagonist
yes I thought it was gonna be the 40
year old team yeah or it should have
focused on like one or two or three of
the high school students who just aren't
quite into this band you know and the
everyone else is you got to check out
the black roses show yeah we don't
really want to go you know are their
friends kind of turn evil around them
yes yes slow discovery yeah one of their
friends who was the the good kid or you
know the a students just fail their
classes and then and then in order for
black roses plan to work they have to
get all the kids you know seems very
basic again simple fixes you know the
other weird thing is like it's one thing
you know like to have the kids corrupted
but sometimes it's a rubber monster that
kills people that's awesome it's like a
spider about the kids being corrupted by
the music why is sometimes a monster
coming out of the speaker which lends
another power to the satanic ban is that
there there there evil power can be
transmutate advice yeah which so they
don't really even have to set up shop
and go around and play concerts well I
am what do they want they just kill that
guy
they want to form minions or do they
want to just kill everybody we don't
know what algin eric lee evil they're
just evil yeah what do you want to do
evil yeah at one point they turn a bunch
of kids at the concert into like haunted
house skeletons
they dad are they are they dad I don't
know their eyes are still petrified like
it looks like they literally like like
beaker or something with because
frightens like emaciated than skeleton
right yes sure
it felt very much like something on a
life force it's not a slow burn with the
corruption they hear that music once
live and the kids are all evil now
yeah right away right away oh not even
the building now that look like he-man
character the makeup
it goes from awesome like I'm just you
could still see his like muscles and
he's got this weird evil face and then
he turns into like right of the
dinosaurs show big floppy arms it's like
I'm not intimidated by this and say and
same with the creature that the student
that wants to have the affair with the
the English teacher oh yeah and then she
turns into a weird puppet oh my god oh
love how it's just totally attached to
the cameras it's such an awesome looking
creature and they're filming this so
poorly there's a shadow it's because
they only built it DJ well then it turns
out because that's one of his students
that comes to the door but then he kills
that monster and then that student is at
the concert at the end of the film so I
guess that wasn't her it was a monster
in disguise and we kind of know that
monsters can do this because remember
when the monster was the sexy lady that
had sex with the 40 year old teenager
yes and then it wasn't there anymore
made him kill his dad who's she is she
is she that demon lady fucked him so
hard that it gave him homicidal
tendencies I love you dad
we talked about how like there is
nothing unifying the style of the demons
like it's just a hodgepodge of all
different kinds of looks sometimes he
looks like a space alien sometimes he's
got bumps on his heads sometimes he's
got a big monster mouth sometimes they
look like zombies sometimes they look
like they have Halloween masks it looks
like they stole all of the special
effects makeup like from the studio at
night these are my dinosaur people that
attacks the the teacher in the house was
an early version of the Mac and me
puppet those you know but you're right
inconsistency yes that goes along to
Jays point earlier which is just also
what are they trying to accomplish yeah
we don't really know what the goals of
the demons are besides we do discover
that they're easily defeated and they
have no peripheral vision what I mean
nobody notices Tom Selleck man just
shows up the fourth night of the five
nights of the concert wearing like a
bright orange hunting vest and I guess
that when you're possessed by demons you
have like like a deer you can't see
orange cuz he just sneaks right up to
the stage his plan is so bizarre because
he dumps gasoline on the corner front of
the stage yeah like you think like you'd
have a scene where he's like sneaking
behind the stage behind the drum kit you
know climbing over the rafters both of
the rafters yeah yeah it's kind of
dumping gasoline from above really wants
to hit the band like gremlins you know
and they're behind the screen or
something like that but he's dumping in
the front corner this day surrounded by
people he's gonna light it he's gonna
kill more students but he is the bad no
he's gonna start a small fire in the
corner of the stage and then the band in
every
else is gonna be able to be able to
easily exit that's his plan it's just a
nice orderly evacuation it's so bad
every everything's wrong it needed to be
everything's wrong they're visuals are
cool like there's some cool creatures
and stuff but there's no consistency to
them the plot doesn't make any sense
there's no kind of goal well I think the
town kind of now knows about the demonic
possession because even there's a line
at the end that the mayor goes you were
right Tom Selleck it's hard to hear him
over the extras so yeah he stops it even
though the the demon rock band keeps
playing in the inferno
and then we kind of just fade out it
just fades out and then it comes up like
I don't know a month later two months
later popular heavy-metal band black
roses came to New York today on a five
day concert swing before taking their
show to Britain early next week the
popular group has sold out Madison
Square Gardens for every single night in
the first week of August and that
concludes tonight's entertainment update
see you tomorrow with evil
what Blood Money
what
we didn't manage to stop him after all
that was as equally anti-climactic as
haunted ween but not nearly as funny but
well you need our teacher guy he sees
sight on the TV and he says something
like oh time to go to New York pulls out
a shotgun yeah I think and then that
then the rock song kicks in and you're
like yeah the movie to make any sense
but yeah I think he would really you
know reach behind his chair and pick up
his can of gasoline just enough to get
us to New York hey it worked before it
didn't know the movie was pointless
stop Damien the kids were saved maybe
well I guess we don't really know summer
dad some of them killed their parents
it's a slightly bigger gas can for
Madison sake I'm still gone they're
gonna go to London they were in a town
at the beginning the movie and then they
were in this town another in another
town I mean clearly we're following this
band so we know that everywhere they go
people turn into demons and die but put
on a good show
movies did almost everything wrong yeah
it's pretty incredible the theme of the
night is just not ending things properly
or not ending at all just but that's one
of them yeah these movies all fade away
every single one of these is like like
the the mid show Saturday Night Live
sketch where they just don't not and
it's just kind of whimpers it starts it
has no direction there's there's awkward
silence and then it kind of ends and
you're like I guess that was it
yeah that's that's a little good analogy
but these films get more laughter though
so let's try to figure out which is the
best of the worst rich I got no fucking
clue
I got no fucking clue against all reason
I'm gonna say a haunted Wien just
because I like the concept that is
mishandled in the last 10 minutes of the
movie ah
Jay what would you pick oh god you know
I don't want to pick any as best of the
worst I guess you don't have to but you
know one vote for abstain abstain both
present present so I I think I was most
entertained by black roses I I hated all
three films as we all did I think my
pick is with carnivore because I don't
like no you were gonna pick carnival
well I'd picked it this is the most you
best of the worst movie well yeah
because it's it's it's just incompetent
and and it doesn't try to hide its
incompetence I think you're right there
were lots of funnier moments and black
roses and usually I go with that like I
laughed more at the movie but black
roses and Haunted Wien were too
frustrating the little little movie that
couldn't wanted to tell a story about a
government experiment hidden in the
basement of a haunted home they had
nothing to work with and they tried
their best
we have a three-way tie for best the
worst now we got to figure out which
movie is the worst movie of the night
okay so we're kind of stuck with we have
no best so worst Mike I would love to
destroy a haunted ween I thought that
was the worst ly executed one of them
all so fuck that movie sure sure for
myself
none of the movies were really insulting
to me you know I am actually I'm
abstaining and I don't want any of them
destroyed
oh my god III would like the destroy
carnivore just because I couldn't
understand anything anyone said in the
whole movie rich well you're gonna hate
me because I am voting for black roses
it's it's got that that boring quality
where it looks like it's gonna be a real
movie and it's still just kind of sucky
but in a mostly boring way it's a fuck
it
this is a first um we've all we have a
three-way tie for best and for worse and
they're the same films what do we do do
you do you guys keep any sort of like
official rulebook where we could consult
yeah we have we brought it to the farm
we bring it everywhere when we shoot an
episode cuz you never know when
something like this is oh that's right
because we're on my family farm right
let's head back to the farm house yeah
and grab some apple cider and go for the
rule warm up a little warm up it's
getting chilly I do have a little
bashful oh great come on everybody okay
well alright I'm off
we'll figure this out
start the show
to start the show
okay
