Sep 26, 2018
Lycan Colony
youtube.com/watch?v=5nQYdtaH41k
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1045155084395565057
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-lycan-colony

how do we how do we start these off oh I
don't know this is my first one with the
big glass of beer that's how we started
our God
it smells like an outhouse like a
port-a-john Oh rock concert yeah I know
port-a-john fell and it kind of tastes
like you just took the glass right in
that little bottle of grande at least is
wet how much how much alcohol is in that
seven eight nine this is a nine percent
at least there's that but one does need
a nine percent beer to talk about lichen
colony segue that was that was the the
longest drawn-out segue Wow history of
this show congratulations Mike you did
it you did it you can't rush Mike you
gotta do it's gonna do what he's gonna
do of course bankrupt a craft brewery at
the same time I make up a nice segue and
Godspeed
be with you on your way so we're here to
talk about lichen colony this film
appeared in our mail one day as many of
the films we watch do we what we all
watch this full disclosure we watched it
before just for the shits of it we
started watching it with the director
commentary just thinking like Oh what
we'll just hear what the director has to
say and we became so enthralled with the
director talking about the movie that we
started just re watching the entire
movie again with commentary directly
after watching it we needed
clarification the directors state of
mind
much like Dave wasowicz director of
suburban sasquatch of which we watched
the commentary for that we needed to
find out if this person was insane you
need to know how and why we learned some
house I still don't understand why
wolves laugh and talk at the same
laughing sound effects when they're
talking
thank you much
that's not the important part of this
scene playing and laughing in the
graveyard this is where normal people
playing loud well since we all saw it
before Josh this was your first viewing
of like in college yeah I was not at
that the screening with you guys so I
went in first impressions it was what
huh us here's what I can say with 100%
conviction I've never seen anything like
this movie I've never seen anything like
it I think you can make you can
understand what oh yes you're a fucking
wolf you're fucking the world oh yes
utmost ERDs
barest
for a movie real quick the important
thing to note is this is the ultimate
film when you think of a movie where
someone pictured how it would turn out
as opposed to reality
you don't I mean because every scene you
watch like you're you know the guys
thinking of it in his brain and it's all
much cooler and it's all yes
specifically the part where they're in
the bar they go into the other part of
the bar and there's like supposed to be
ten werewolves like going like this and
there have been like this witty banter
back and forth like I never thought this
would happen
these spices snakes inside the
elephant's feet I guess it wasn't real
and then the man falls through the floor
thank you head out Josh what just
happened doesn't work there's and the
guy was thinking of this like amazing
like action set piece where there's just
wolves everywhere and they're surrounded
and there's this like dramatic lighting
and the cameras moving around and
they're but there's one problem they
only have one costume they only had one
costume and and they don't have a hole
for the man to fall through and it was
executed as poorly as possible I
seriously I thought he'd found a warp
and he just totally tunneled through the
his body just phased through the floor
we asked how and why we you know we we
learned a lot about how's the commentary
track but that's that's one of our
theories on the why though the reason
that this doesn't look like a scary were
wolf mask is because this is a movie
made by a furry and that was the mask he
wears to the convention that he told me
again this is a theory a great deal of
credence by the end of the film because
that's just a mask and it's always just
a mask with like some kind of yeah
shitty crepe hair like on the arms then
at the end there's the costumes the
full-bodied cops - oh that's definitely
somebody's for yeah yeah that's someone
who's going to convention oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah that's that's like something
Bob Uecker to run into in a lobby in a
hotel he doesn't want to be in mm Bob
Uecker in the furries never mind but we
get to yeah we get to that costume that
is a full costume it's like it's got abs
it's got like abs are the deserving part
I think he is a closeted furry he
doesn't I don't even think he knows it
he just sees himself he like there's
behind-the-scenes featurettes of him
building this costume and talking about
it he put a lot of work
into something that looks like a
sexualized Wolfman yeah
our theory other theory about this movie
was that his family discovered his first
suit and that he had to explain it away
like really quickly Anarkali all oh no
no no something you think honey I'm I'm
making a movie movie you're gonna be in
it how about how about where was then
this is this costume that you found
dirty and in the basement is for the
movie know what's what's the story about
well you see uh there was a doctor yeah
the doctor moves to town werewolves you
seems like you have a lot of practice
with weird I mean you seem pretty good
at it
that's the surface reaction you would
get we did a little research into the
the creator of this film I think this
was his only film just both fortunate
and unfortunate both relieved and sad
but he apparently writes werewolf novels
so it is possible he is just a fan of
werewolf lore and and he attempted to
make a film and obviously did not have
filmmaking skills but he's got plenty of
ideas he's got ideas and he likes the
lore because there's there's a whole
what with the lichen colony I guess this
will quickly lead into the premise
there's a little town in New Hampshire
yeah canis borough population of 3761
yes and it is all werewolves and they're
all people that live in the town and
they live in the town because the
natural water that comes down from the
mountain contains trace elements of
silver so if they drink the tap water it
helps them suppress their werewolfism
and then our hero rusts which is the
girl yeah her name is Ross because in
the original script it was supposed to
be a man
and the men show up oh the shoe Oh a
girl showed up and she was just supposed
to be a bar extra and they didn't have
anyone to play Russ so she played Russ I
just want to go back and tears Evan his
bar a new one shouldn't that solve your
problem and they left the name because
they didn't feel like changing the
script it sounds like you're joking
wasn't that actually in the commentary
track joking yes true yes
and then she's there with her brother
they're looking for their father who
disappeared while hunting and we get to
the important part of all of this which
is they run into who really is the main
character of the movie which is New
England dad well we really didn't move
here because I had a revelation of being
a small-town doc and stir the drudgery
of the big city or in politics of
suburbia your father had a just has a
drinking problem one day at a time and
all that well you think he's the main
character movie starts off with him yeah
he's the best part of the whole thing he
doesn't give a fuck buddy talks like
he's from New England he's got blast in
China some years ago I was an army
doctor I've seen that Tet before an
elite Special Forces men the private
rites of passage a tribal ritual almost
a few of them yeah and that's the really
the narrative article that we think is
gonna happen is like there's a ton of
family drama with him and he's a drunk
and he killed a lady while doing brain
surgery on her own ass to deal with
being a werewolf now because the Sun
meets the woman who shows up in his room
at night even though it's clearly not
really a night it's day for night well I
think if you want to exemplify this
whole the director had a vision but had
no way of even understanding how to
execute it there's one clip that you can
show that perfectly exemplifies that
which is the mom looking through the
keyhole
but no lock which is a classic horror
movie trope is you know back in old
Victorian times I had the keyhole that
you can see through so you show someone
looking through the keyhole they didn't
have a keyhole to look through but they
was in the script right to look through
a keyhole and so instead of doing
something different the mom looks
through the doorknob so the doctor has
to go to AAA as part of his because he
was because he has to go to a because he
was a brain surgeon that was drunk while
doing rain surgery and he slipped with a
scalpel away covered that the hospital
covered it up and relocated him to some
podunk town in order to cover it up why
would he still have to go to AAA that
was part of his having the new job they
covered up the murder but not the
alcoholism yeah okay Oh which de'vide
are our our main werewolf good guy says
that he is childhood friends with dr.
New England but if he grew if divied
grew up in canis borough how could they
be childhood friends yes as the wife
says they had a house in the hills
implying Beverly Hills quelle somewhere
else yeah the house in the hills and you
wear the top shit topped top and you're
the top notch doctor we are a beautiful
home in the hills when you the
hospital's new hotshot doctor top-notch
doctor some surgeon
but then the sponsor and dr. fudd say
hey let's go to the bar to get some
coffee and some steaks which I hear
tastes pretty good
how is it awesome oh fuck he yells
awesome so loud it clips the audio and
it drops it out how is it awesome it's
not it's just it's it's a masterpiece
but Russ and her brother come in there
they they SJ said during the screening
they decide to have food after they come
in we'll take another crack at it
the first slate let's get some food some
food and booze take a breather
it's decide to get food after they got
to the restaurant I guess they just
stopped they're parked got out of the
car walked into a restaurant sat down
got menus and then said I guess we
should have some dinner dr. Dan notices
that the big guy whatever his name is
has a tattoo on his neck from the
military and dr. Dan also yeah it's they
couldn't take the time to to draw a
little tattoo with milk and it floats
until they freeze the frame of the guy
and then the tattoo can stay in the same
place it was it was seamless we got
absolutely can we borrow your ketchup
yeah take it fucking no no
well that was that was in the movie and
it's nowhere near it and it's beautiful
yeah you know oh there was an effect
it's hard like I work in special effects
all the time so like I guess I noticed
it like oh he didn't really have a
tattoo on his neck most people wouldn't
even see it I didn't notice you know
what I am like I'm a nitpicker
okay that's why I guess it's a little
nitpick just a little bit because it to
me I could I didn't even know was the
tattoo if you pay closer to go
frame-by-frame doesn't stick perfectly
to the neck yeah if you're gonna nitpick
the film you can nitpick the film I be
no one's gonna go frame-by-frame and
complain about a tattoo definitely in
the capsules and I was into the car
makes you feel yeah so dr. dan and
daveed join russ and her brother whose
name i know if i can remember at their
table and they're talking about the
kid's dad who dr. dan knows we got to
set up the gold watch exactly so they're
talking and they're like boys easy and
he's this character and he's got that
gold watch in the in the service and
remember what it said on it and the kids
saying you isn't blabbity blabbity blip
blip blip whatever the fucking say I
remember when he was awarded that gold
watch at his retirement for many years
of loyal service
I still remember their inscription fewer
those and guess what happens this is
literally one second later because the
thing is you're thinking like this is
yeah I can't wait oh good thing they
mentioned
and it's you know freeze-frame again on
this poorly framed watch that has a
terribly put effect of the you know wise
grip I'll I appreciate the freeze-frame
instead of trying to motion track the
letters at least I can read it you can
barely tell good no it's it's barely a
movie Oh bear the pun center of my brain
was operated on by dr. dad if only this
were a bear movie yeah you'd be fine to
be golden all my funds would be
unbearable
Mike let me pause you for a second you
talking about the wolf movie that's that
I thought that was a better one they
said what was appropriate to think of it
well Mike was then blathering when
liking : e cuz it's shitty dad with that
one you got him - Wow
I always got a secret weapon I say wow
give that put a K nine out of ten fuck's
sake that's when basically you're
supposed to find out with everybody else
that everybody in town is a werewolf and
the werewolves are there and that is
expressed in one simple word and that is
mistake
the weirdest fucking delivery just like
this is supposed to be such the key word
the keys is like oh this is this is the
hinge of Act one like this is when we
find out the mood like I'm afraid you
signed a contract filming this for
another three months yeah
so we discover I guess Peter Mayhew guy
guy is our lead villain dahveed is like
we're just normal people we grow crops
we eat cows we you know we don't but Zeb
Zeb murders people keeps them in the
freezer and serves them up a steak how
is it awesome I think like a special
just overall mention needs to be made
for the day tonight day for night yeah
if you don't have any idea what that
means it means when you shoot during the
day and you try to make it look like
night in post-production somehow whether
it's tinting the screen blue or making
the exposure so low that you can't tell
what's happening and if you watch red
letter media like filmmaking tips and
advice that's the one lesson you come
away from with this episode don't shoot
day for night ever ever ever
it won't look good and you can't do it
20 lazing why not just write it so that
this happens during the daytime
worst case scenario get a get a light
plug it in and shoot it in the woods
turn on your smoke machine it'll look
like garbage or as we've known from all
of our films but it's better than doing
day for night but the interiors here I
know that's that's the vets they went
that far it went so far it's it's it
gets it gets impossible to tell the
movie has temporal issues because you
never really know what time it is
because nothing lines up anyway and the
scenes are I mean like seriously in the
first bar it's night and then they're in
the basement and then they go up into
the second bar and it's full day and
then he goes down into the basement
again and he comes out of the basement
and it's dusky I put it past this movie
to do night for day
Russ gets thrown through the window
which is another wonderful effect there
when Russ gets thrown through the window
jumps through the window just trying to
escape the werewolf more surprises
actually night oh I wouldn't win Russ
goes through the Wiener awesome action
sequence
she is overrun by the the enormous of
ones of werewolf's and so her only
option is to heroically bursts through
the giant plate-glass window where it is
night outside oh it's nice it's actual
night it's so weird isn't it it's moving
what confuses you all night it's
confusing
yeah oh but he would watch like in
colony and he would say is this day or
night it said that's not my fetish you
dress up like a werewolf and get so
everybody that matters in this movie
apart from the bad guys get back to dr.
Dan's house and where they all find out
this is when all the exposition happens
in a off-camera cuecard way which we can
actually see off with some hilarious
mispronunciations
yes fucking damn Amish can do it why
can't us I've done undercover for months
trying to imitate this back I'm sorry
can't your question yes related to
silver for this purest form in small
amounts it can have municipal purposes
this is where we learn all about the
werewolf lore this is where the director
and the writer Rob Roy was just really
stroking it having a great time there
they come from an ancient are you
telling me he wasn't well we find out
when Devine is doing all his spiel is
like how they Lissa's how they live and
like there were definitely normal
werewolves and we call you norms because
we really love Cheers no I had no idea
what happens as far we go cross raised
cattle sheep same as you norms sorry
it's just a slang term we use anything
it means what I suppose you know the
other important part of this scene is
that the son who we've been hanging out
with occasionally has now turned into a
werewolf
an adorable werewolf who says mom
through his mask they call him a pup
because he's he's a puppet awkward it's
really awkward it's a little creepy and
then we get a net that there's the dream
sequence for no reason at all just right
to a doctor Dan nods off during the
exposition dump and there is see him not
off though it's just all of a sudden
there's a cut yeah I'm shocked you yeah
now let's see what gear you have packed
away in the car of yours
I hope you are all hungry I'm famished
those supposed to be his ribs yeah yeah
uh-huh yup definitely yep
yeah I think it's is it the kid who's on
table and they're eating or no it's dr.
game oh it's dr. Dan um then they're
like devouring this flesh and they're
like and then and then there's like a 15
minute long sequence where Ross is like
going like licking your fingers I'm
going out and it's incredibly awkward is
Rob Roy into cannibal point it's my
alias it's clearly not a real I let you
watch this movie because I'm also into
embarrassment makes fun of my movie when
so much about this show about everything
to be fair though I actually I actually
felt embarrassment for the people who
made this movie I really did that seldom
happens I'm usually fine laughing at
other people but this time I actually
felt genuine embarrassment for the
filmmakers but what the fuck it does a
few things right but not very what are
they faces
oh you know what it did right the notice
in right what is that that one shot even
though lasted too long of the creepy
shadow creeping down the stairs while
sleeping that was like the one really
nice shot it's so good it's on the back
J compared it to a David Lynch film and
looks like a shot that would be in like
Inland Empire if there was that happened
and that happened it really happened
although you did make a also make an
eraser head comment I did so like in
colony is as good as David Lynch films I
think I think that is the conclusion we
draw
daveed and rust go off to meet the witch
they're walking in and then the witch is
playing with some alpacas and then she
shoots rust with her fart gun and then
they get back up and like hey don't
shoot me with your fart gun I'm your
friend and then they go up and the which
is super flirty with the vide and stick
tongue in his ear which is how they
learn things it was like a clever little
character thing where they're like this
way yeah again rich do you know what a
meme is I know I think I think the time
in the air is like the the Vulcan
mind-meld it
yeah I just I I got all the plot you
don't have to to tell it to me which
thank you movie that was that was
actually like some even though it was
weird it was clever showing not telling
yes we understood what was happening
without them having to go into surprise
movie got right
she learns everything that's going on so
far and then she has another giant
exposition dump which she does through
her eyes directly at the camera
hi can we help you why are you still
rolling two men and then hello audience
she explains where where wolves came
from yes yeah that's mated cave
paintings yeah I got it turned into a
1990 episode of liquid TV for a while
they had gone days without food one of
them had been badly injured from a bear
there'd cornered but got away
well we're set up for a
confrontation Russ and dahveed go into
the woods to hunt down Peter Mayhew and
daveed has jumping powers like like
Mario or Luigi and he goes and does a
homoerotic pooping trance where he's
naked and crapping in front of in front
of like and for hovering eyes and and
all didn't read the experimental film
yeah he's like I don't know what he's
doing he said he's building himself up
so that he could jump in front of a
bullet late yes well he had to show off
his thing he gotta yeah he's working for
that like good for him they're talking
about him taking a dump on camera she
was trying to remain under control
because remember this is the fall
equinox he goes that you know we'll go
to the Harvest Moon they're stronger but
they'll be dumber okay I missed that is
that why they chained the Sun to the bed
and yeah I'm tranquilizer so he was
meditating to keep his cognitive ability
so after all that bullshit we cut back
to Russ and she is getting attacked by
the one or two werewolves that are
wandering around at that point yes and
shooting them yes sometimes
things are going to have what the fuck
is and then there's the one where she
rips out his heart and was making it
pump with their hand and yells hairy
motherfucker at him hairy motherfucker
insane
here's the curious thing though at the
end of this movie there are scenes where
they're actually outdoors right yes
mm-hmm why are they blue screen shin
mm-hmm
they they obviously had these actors and
access to the outdoors at some point
there are many answers to this question
rich do you have one of them oh wow
okay one of them is they filmed for a
day and then the actors refused to show
up any more days the other day the other
answer is it back out to the woods it
rained the next day and he couldn't
think
well I'll shoot it next week when it
dries out it rained the next day I guess
I gotta shoot it on a blue screen right
he only had one week off of work
yes to fit everything in right so that
so pick the dumbest answer and that's
most likely what happened right all
right given all the other ADR in the
movie why during the blue screen shots
are they clearly shooting on set audio
and on top of that
why aren't they a Dr Ng the guy the big
muscle guy who has the mask on why
couldn't he go out with a camera later
like maybe he had to film the actress on
a blue screen he couldn't get Ross back
but why couldn't he go on his own later
and get other shots of the woods to put
in the background rather than the one
and why was the one shot of the woods
slightly motion blurred has it taken as
a screen grab from go out with a nice
camera a still camera and take some
high-resolution pictures of the woods
I'm only going out to the woods once the
big muscly guy you mentioned by the way
is her brother who died earlier but now
has come back as a werewolf right I
guess his throat slit by Peter Mayhew
mm-hmm and then dr. Dan performs surgery
on it by putting his his dinner napkin
on his neck Vic it's okay would and then
after he passes away he covers the
corpse with his greasy dinner napkin
soaked in blood dr. dan is making well
this guy is obviously a goner but I'm a
doctor I gotta look like I'm trying to
do something and put it am kidding I
mean a lot of the end fight will just be
showing clips of how awkward and
terrible all of the action is and that's
kind of where we are the green-screen is
said there's one section of green-screen
where there was a hole in the
green-screen and so part of the forest
is flapping open just a horrible all
horrible none as inexplicable as the
cartoon free bad guy it doesn't look
like a werewolf it looks like a mascot
at a amateur league baseball game just
the worst
but it's our main villain
oh yeah and then you shock them yeah
then you shock the wool just shake just
shake a bunch and that costume ah she's
floating above the ground
she's away yeah yeah we're talking about
a man right he had access to a blue screen
he could have positioned his actors
however you wanted yet he chose to film
a conversation between two characters
backs to the camera and instead of
cutting between the two of them he would
just fade out between different lines of
the script because presumably they
couldn't remember the lines and every
time they had a line they would look at
the script put it down and say it it's
weird because the film is clearly edited
yeah okay but at the same time it's not
editable it's a symbol it's hard to wrap
your brain around what happened Rob Roy
did not have the necessary hardware to
edit this film he had to rent out the
computer but what he can only read the
computer for 90 minutes so he had to
edit the movie in real time like the
little thing is going and real time and
he's like and there's like a fade-out he
has like a live mixer like a fade-out a
cut there that lines good okay ADR stamp
it in yeah there's actually quite an
accomplishment and yeah just eventually
the the which is there and she fart
fights yes there's Brown gasps she does
and then the wolf like Peter Mayhew with
the wolf attacks her and she Khartoum
enrolls halfway up the screen
how do that how do you put that in your
movie and say this is acceptable like
she starts off like boo screams yeah the
bottom of screen is here she starts here
and rolls up oh well that's hmm what
kind of movie what kind of movie are you
making are you making a porno there's no
way this movie wasn't a weird sex thing
that's where it crosses the line into oh
he's masturbating yeah that's the scene
that really locked it in he wasn't he
was nominated in one of the new Oscar
category called furiously masturbating
for 90 minutes while live editing the
motion picture they were with drew it
drew that category category he was the
only entrant now Brett Ratner took it
everywhere oh god you killed Mike if
that's not coming over the mics or
relation you dove in that on even the
crickets bore the old boy for those who
can't hear there is an actual create an
actual cricket during all of our jokes
tonight here's I think an appropriate
question to end this on does this
dethrone curse of the wolf as the most
awesome werewolf movie we watched Oh
oh boy they're really two different
animals if you go on Amazon it's listed
as unavailable and there are two reviews
and both are horrific Lee negative
just just you know not leejohn so every
Rob Roy would have left himself one good
review
he couldn't even bring himself to do it
he did leave himself a review but it was
a bad one I was just thinking I was
thinking he got to the computer but he
got distracted I eat you so much those
are the Google Barton types in wolf and
then autofills honey something weird
happened when I went to go Google a wool
sweater if you can get a copy of like in
colony it's worth it it's worth it like
in colony is fascinating on almost every
level if we were to sum up life in
colony in one word it would be toward
the farce
sit one more I was gonna say like
awesome awesome I love our mistake or
mistake I like the words that were
famous yeah yeah yeah I guess could have
been a reference to yeah he was he was
trying to set you up for that I don't
like to use a clip from the bad movies
yeah I thought how about how about how
about that scene in the in the woods
when the world will started jumping then
the girl was trying to climb after him I
was like they did the joke in Reverse
cuz you want to set up the goal climbing
and then the will jumps good and then
it's fun funny it is it more or less
awkward if I leave too
I think it's more awkward if I leave too
hello hello I can't see I can't see
where I'm going
Oh
