Dec 21, 2018
Christmas or Cats
youtube.com/watch?v=8LsPkYeaKBs
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-christmas-or-cats
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1075852782295543808

hello rich hello Mike
so it's that magical time of the year
when we want to watch Christmas movies
for best of the worst all right I look
forward to cannanore Christmas every
year well that's a shame because we're
not doing that this year
what oh we just did at one time and we
haven't done it since so we do it every
time yes
what and this time our gimmick is
Christmas or cats why why would we do
that well because we have a surplus of
cat related films and I'm not just
talking about your average household cat
it can be large cats big cats great cats
tigers lions will household cats tigers
cats lions cats or other cats pool mice
leopards did deal what happened when we
had an excess of crocodile movies now I
neither want to watch a Christmas film
or a cat film so rich why don't you pick
our first tape that's either a Christmas
or a cat film this night is gonna go on
longer than cats was on Broadway yeah I
quit
are you picking the first tape I love
what you want me to wait for you to say
something everyone knows we're gonna
pick a tape pick it say yeah yeah you
give me this cat shit that's out here
I'm gonna open the big one I'm such a
foul mood I need a large presence
it's just a box
I'll wait there's something in the box
it's a Christmas film where's the cat
it's a Christmas film it's Christmas or
cat my two front teeth rankin/bass meets
EC Comics Bill Gaines I have no idea
what you're saying yes it's a quote on
the quote in a box
DC Comics rankin/bass Bill Gaines you
don't know any of these things anything
you're saying it's like a foreign
language rankin/bass made the the don't
bother look I got a lot of things to do
today let's just get this over with he's
missing the Packers game they just fired
their head coach because they suck so
much it's the night before Christmas and
Gabe's snow the tabloid writer haunted
by the ghost of Christmas pass is
inviting a Yuletide concealment no not
inviting investigating a Yuletide
conspiracy Gabe knows the terrible truth
behind the crash of the ill-fated flight
1225 he alone knows that the plane was
brought down one foggy Christmas Eve by
a flying creature with a glowing nose
the blood sucking vampire Santa Claus
knows that Gabe knows it has put him on
his hit list
the demonic fury of the North Pole has
been unleashed
and an army of zombie elves who have no
interested toys pointy hats or dentistry
are about to turn Gabe's white Christmas
blood red
are you done I wanna be an actress I
have to move out of Maryland told myself
that I'm sorry what she's getting drunk
she's like I thought I signed up for a
Christmas horror film but this is just
gonna be a porno isn't it so much worse
okay that's so rich what do you want
Santa to bring you for Christmas a
cannon movie all right here we go
they have a cat film great and Clark's
uninvited it's that cat whose mouth is
another cat
I don't like anything about this well
you like the fact that George Kennedy is
in it know that he was in the sash wash
Iliad one to know what yeah you are what
I said you're gonna put the caption on
genatech research lab Fort Lauderdale
Florida armed security men this is long
I'm already bored do you want to pull up
a chair while I read this yes yes hold
on I'm gonna go get a chair just start
reading that I start reading it and you
can come back whenever you're ready all
right goodbye armed security man dressed
in radiation suits chase an escaped
laboratory animal just as they are about
to capture it the cat transforms into a
hideous mutant creature ripping off one
of the men's arms with its powerful
claws and escaping into the night so
begins the saga of uninvited the sci-fi
thriller featuring George Kennedy Alex
chord and clue Gulager who was in
Nightmare on Elm Street to a bird
explodes on his face
as three Wall Street criminals bent on
escaping to the Cayman Islands with
their latest booty wait what oh that's a
continuation the first sentence soon
after they head out to see the mutant
feline begin the Surrey kavik with the
boats passengers attacking clew Gulager
and causing him to fall overboard this
is really specific this is just
explaining the list of events that
happened in the movie we don't even need
to do a discussion on it we'll just read
the back of the box again reluctantly
where are we I'm just go skip to the
last sentence and days later when a
little boy and his daddy discover a sea
soaked piece of luggage on a tranquil
Beach will they guess that inside lurks
the uninvited on the back of the box so
they just described like the the end of
the movie question mark stinger like I
guess we'll find out why is it cats
Maltin of a cat this isn't appropriate a
tagline though for the film rich cats
have nine lives
you only have one and we're spending it
watching uninvited
Oh
oh it's slow motion it's even better all
right Josh now you are going to
determine the ultimate winner tonight Oh
Christmas or cats Christi
Santa's first female reindeer finally
the Yuletide history is being rewritten
now we add christy santa's first female
reindeer santa's brigade christmas for
our forest family but Santa's got a
problem
his elfs heart is not in her work why
worry tanglefoot is about to help so
many questions i see it's just the
stills here is that number one santa's
bringing Christmas for our forest family
which is a wolf or possibly a dog that
looks something like a wolf what is
wrong with Santa that's a very good
question
killed by the abominable snowman it does
I think we've got a Wendigo this looks
like The Shining starring Santa Claus
well he's got a problem
his elfs heart is not in her work
overworked nursing student me too but
apparently no that's that's his one and
only elf
Oh how did you make this beautiful place
I didn't make this place somebody
greater than I made it I just found it
oh yeah you're welcome Richie look
horrified we're back here again no oh my
god Jesus this is who's starting on well
Merry Christmas everybody oh and a Happy
Holidays know all these films got me in
the Christmas spirit
they're they absolutely oh all of them
especially nothing gets me in the
Christmas spirit like George Kennedy
I remember those those were magical
times of watching the uninvited yeah it
feels like forever ago before the dark
times Empire I enjoyed life a little
little now it's all gone it's all been
taken away by the porters you're mine
Chrissy you got to keep up this is like
a terrible sandwich Yeah right
he stops writing the message that's like
you had them ingredients for a sandwich
right but you're only slices of bread
had mold on them the meat was good yeah
it was great anyway it the bread anyway
and you had a psychedelic trip you gotta
jog a little bit you got to get you in
shape you know
well Josh why don't you explain two
front teeth Jesus all right the director
of the Blair Witch Project gave this
movie props is there is there a Maryland
connection at all or no this woman was
it yeah oh yeah yeah whatever it was
Florida
well not film its fill Maryland Florida
yeah there is a Florida connection they
either ended up there or were from there
but they filmed it yeah and in Maryland
so so Eduardo Sanchez has something to
do with this production I think they
said hey Edward
we made a horror movie in Maryland
here's $100
we give us a nice pull quote sure what's
the movie got in it okay cool
here's the actual thing about this movie
the ideas behind it are not that
terrible there's something interesting
that could be done with taking some
Yuletide traditions turning them on
their head mix them up with some some
horror traditions except they fucked it
up just 100% hog you can tell it was
somebody who loved Evil Dead gremlins
horror comedy in general they looked at
the door up that means it's back on the
hinges and then just failed at the
execution right in the script it's a
roast in here oh there's so many like
christmas-related lines of dialogue and
puns shitting your stocking the problem
is they're like yeah they looked at Evil
Dead and they looked at like early Peter
Jackson and they're like what if we did
that but we never moved the camera
so they think they're building tension
yes with this flat wide shut fuck you
and we shot it on VHS
you imagine Evil Dead with nobody moving
the camera just like two shots the whole
fucking out movie
got me some tiles sam raimi never moved
the camera that's what he's known for
it's just long static shot on lockdown
shots
I'm having a hard time visualize on all
I see is that old Santa it's like it's
like when you look at the Sun for a
second or a light well that makes sense
because this movie is just bathed in red
yeah until they stop doing that until
they like they broke their their red
light or they lost the gel so then they
didn't do it anymore but yeah it's
clearly some two thirds of the movie for
that to happen yeah and they could they
they mention DC Comics on the front
they're clearly going for that sort of
creep show look but the creep show use
the colors like sparingly they used it
to emphasize the horror things will be
normally lit and then something crazy
happens and then the red light comes out
but this movie it's just everything's
just commencement
we have to mention this the the main guy
in the movie they didn't have Ho Hos is
like a 60 year old man that had a bunch
of plastic surgery to look like a 30
year old man I think so much for my
Christmas bonus he looks like he's
wearing prosthetics yeah it looks like
it's not his real face yeah like he got
plastic surgery to look like Charles
Rocket Charles Rocket he looks like
Anthony Perkins every time they showed
his face I just wanted him to leave yeah
there's a weird elasticity like that it
looks fake and I'm sure that's his
actual face and I feel bad saying it I
know it was weird that's a weird like
Elvis lip thing when he's talking he's
like I even if they haven't well I'll
make them wish that they hadn't tried to
have enough of wishing that they had
yeah oh God
oh they're drive they're doing a rear
screen projection well it looks great
but the rest of the movie then is just
yeah they they find not Tony Todd yeah
who has Rudolph's nose and elves and the
rest of movie is just the elves trying
to get them and Santa is evil but then
real Santa shows up yes Santa shows up
and he's referred to as Klaus Farhat -
and then actual Santa shows up and he's
a 15 year old boy I thought he was Santa
him Santa could they get some another
than a 15 year old that's moneymaker
Mike
I know I know they think this is funny
it's not good you could just stop there
like they should be shooting around
Christmas magic
they needed to find the the old man who
looks just like a real-life santa claus
if she's ready that is it was so
specifically a kung-fu fight and it's
just like that doesn't fit in with the
rest of the tone of the movie at all no
yeah when you have a movie with so much
Christmas stuff in it
and then I guess the joke is just it
looks like Santa but he's fighting yeah
it's not much of a joke yeah he gives
him a gift warms his heart and then
nicer out to Mel's because his heart
that warms he gives a gift it magically
appears and it floats over to Bad Santa
and then Bad Santa opens the lid on the
gift and just a fist comes out Santa
would defeat someone using Santa magic
or powers sure I think they're going for
haha isn't it absurd that Santa's using
kung fu yeah but that's that's which is
like what that's a one second joke not a
five-minute joke
so generally speaking this I mean this
was a bad movie but I still want to give
it credit for trying yeah nobody tried
their heart was in the right place they
had lots and lots and lots of Christmas
stuff which is always my complaint about
any sort of like holiday themed or movie
sure is that a lot of times the holiday
is sort of incidental yeah this was
absolutely not this was 100% the
MacGuffin was Rudolph's nose like this
yeah tons of Christmas stuff in it and
they really went for it
I appreciate that it wasn't good but I
appreciate that they went for it and
tried and they made it all the way to 75
minutes no this is longer than that no
it's not
oh no it's something oh that's right
because we directed the rain time is
like the shortest that we've ever done
but it felt twice as long it was
relatively speaking this this movie has
gone up a few pegs
just just relatively speaking I know I
don't know I don't think it would agree
yeah where the script and and had it
been done differently move things around
paced out better you better accurate
it's this better shot yeah like hey you
know and but it's just like oh oh just
falling on its face the whole time I can
completely see in my head what this
movie should be yeah versus what it is I
still wouldn't even if it was done
flawlessly it's still not my kind of
movie chair I like you got the ninja
our silence wait I gotta see if they do
the gun every time they cut back to them
no okay
like isn't it crazy that three done
shoot yeah and I think they had horn
stars play the nuns because their names
one off I've had three X's in the name
you know how like sleazy like I don't
know
Lloyd Kaufman's or people like that yeah
Jimmy shows up in a lot of beavers it's
that kind of mentality where cheering me
to say one line the newscaster a medical
discovery by the world-renowned dr.
Lucas of grizzly flats things yeah yeah
and that could have been what that was
except they would have been maybe
regionally known as porn stars may not
have been porn star is that regional
Maryland porn just like here the accents
are they're going at it a breast and
clam chowder deep and anti bomber yeah I
hate that like look at us we have these
crazy elements that are mean yeah Jesus
is a death metal band and then if it's
really carving you can make it where it
could buy it and that's the thing that
has to be like James Gunn clever like
again if we were redoing that we take a
lot of that stuff out but but I think
you need the top tier the top brass of
talent yeah in the world yet to do that
okay I just I just don't think it's
worth anyone's time
that's a good woman you got there baby
role and her nice ass on her too
didn't make it go off Jake ow door
harder
so the next film that we watched was
uninvited this was the only cat film and
Mike I was gonna hand it off to rich one
cuz he loves cats I don't want to talk
about Christie fuck hey what is this
what is happening here I'm gonna say
about Christie it was awful and
confusing that's all I'm gonna say do
you got more to talk about
I think uninvited is delightful and rich
you're very familiar with the term
uninvited I'm gonna say it was worth it
thank you
uninvited uninvited is the story about a
genetically augmented cat inside of
another cat
back inside yeah he escapes from a
government lab where where he ends up on
on the boat on the yacht of evil Lord
business does he end up on the boat well
he gets picked up by some chicks picked
up by some chicks who get picked up by
an evil businessman as cover for his
trip to a bank taking suitcases of money
to the Cayman Islands to launder it it
doesn't matter evil business evil evil
crooked crime white-collar crime need to
get to Cayman Islands need girls his
cover story because I guess you just
can't go to the Cayman Islands it'll
look like he's just floating around on a
yacht with some bikini babes even though
there's nobody else out to see his the
coastguard stops him he's I'm just going
out on my yacht with these ladies don't
look around for a suitcase he's more
suspicious when you're like a like a
greasy pornstache middle-aged man and
you're hanging out with like
twenty-year-old bikinis the early
nineties absolutely no that's what they
pay for
okay this year of Reaganomics don't even
bother looking for the cocaine
we know you got parties we know you got
tons of coke and and bimbos and there
may be prostitution but as long as you
don't have suitcases filled with
millions of dollars you plan to launder
we don't need to come on board so that's
pretty much it fine with your teenage
babes right yeah but the teenage Braves
happen to bring along three randos
that's what days gig convoluted three
churches from the country club they say
the the babes they say to him hey we've
been invited onto a yacht with these
middle-aged men why don't you want to
come with us
we're all complete strangers but let's
do this and also here's a cat and then
that yeah and then it's just like oh and
here's a cat I guess we'll bring him to
man oh man that cat does not want to be
on that boat it's all hanging by a
thread
everything that happens but you know
evil business and George Kennedy they
didn't expect the three dudes that's
true so they made everybody peel
potatoes see there's a lot of good
character stuff going on in this film
about a cat that barfs up another cat at
the pace of this movie about a good cat
that barks up another cat the pace is
very good for the first two acts yeah
kind of adverse usually Weir's take
their sweet-ass time and they don't know
what to do
up until the end when they know the
killer has to kill everybody right this
movie right straight up bang right off
the first first frame of the movie
here's this cat it's radioactive fly
this is the bizarre thing it really is a
monster cat coming out of the mouth of
another cat and that's constantly
retreating back into the cat yes yeah I
didn't expect it to be happening the
first thing to happen yeah there was
there wasn't much set up yeah that's a
good look like a scruffy puppet yeah
that's what it looked like it knows when
it needs to go back to the cat 20
minutes have gone by 20 minutes have
gone by cat I need 20 minutes ago by the
pacing is really good and every time you
don't necessarily think about the cat
did you know that cats just constantly
meow all the time
even without moving their mouths it's a
ventriloquist cats like the same gland
II ran out of sound effects
and they had a truck that they could
drive off the edge of a bridge and they
could only afford one sound effects
the girly important half of a sound
effects it hard and it's like it's like
a note on a keyboard and they just do it
over and over it over that hard edit at
the end of the sound effect so they had
to hit it again before it ended musical
yeah
the hell
whoever's stupid idea this was a
genetically modified cat that the
beginning is just like them looking at
an x-ray and they're like there's a
thing in its body and it just keeps
cutting good credit and then it's like
they take that into like an examining
room but there's no like restraints or
and they they incompetent animal testing
facility in the world so your movie
logic brain would say okay this is gonna
be a movie about the genetically
modified cat that's running around a
laboratory or it gets out and the
scientists have to find it like a shop
or would have inspected the cat to like
infect other cats in Lauderdale it would
be like an epidemic or something or we
are all predicting like at the end we
would discover that the cat with the
little cat inside it that was more
deadly and dangerous with the cat was
was the animal testing version of what
they plan to do to people once the cat
gets out of the laboratory we don't go
back to the laboratory and then I said
during the screenings that turned into
mad libs where it's just like okay
noun-verb
you know you'd then it's like it cuts to
bimbos because the two girls trying to
get into a hotel it's spring break
you cut to like a what looks like
Matlock like a TV show about like George
Kennedy and the guys cry and it's a
cougar my teeth and then yeah then the
the dudes and then they get on a boat
and it's just the girl captain whose
father owned the yacht none of it has
anything to do with the genetically
mutated cat it's all it's all more
complicated than it needs to be just
like the cat itself instead of a mutant
cat and we have a human cat that vomits
up a mutant cat that also goes back into
the cat's mouth when it's done feeding
or biting you had a practical theory
about that yeah you you want your your
monster cat but you also want some
ability so it's a regular cat that runs
around and then when it attacks so then
the puppet comes out so you don't have
to have a bad looking puppet running
around the corn right you just have a
normal cat wandering around just does
does the cat know it has a monster can
sight it is a dr. Jekyll mr. Hyde kind
of situation the bet speaks of a plot
line that we just didn't follow and it's
hard to ask the cat and or get dialog
from it yeah because cats don't know and
also that cats probably dead by now this
was what like 19 oh that's long yeah
that's no I don't mean ask the can real
life I'm picturing like a making of
uninvited documentary like you said they
get the cast back together
just like the old days yeah things don't
change
there's a cat interpreter speaking for
him he's very disappointed with how the
film turned
so much meant some plot that's a good
cow well let's let's talk about the
finale then which the third act starts
when we cut to that toy boat yeah I mean
that's a toy yeah
okay so that means it's gonna sink I
guess sink a real boat in this movie
yeah sink a little toy this is after 25
minutes of here's the plot up at this
point the boat is stranded and we're
running out of food that's that's the
ticking clock we're running out of food
and then suddenly it's night and now the
boats sinking yeah it's crazy and just
heard cups a crazy storm yeah okay this
officially went off the rails here I
felt like sixty minutes of the movie
just went missing yeah slow water
buildup should have been a thing for the
last 20 minutes yeah that would've been
a good ticking Clark all of a sudden
there's a storm it's so little man how
does it get mounted a bigger yeah it's
like once it comes out of his mouth that
grows yeah
slowly beating it underwater look the
important part is that our main
characters end up on a dinghy and they
get caught in a time loop where the cat
just keeps jumping at them that was
amazing
yeah that's all you can do okay well
this is an odd way to do your final
encounter with the monster how they
gonna resolve this oh they're gonna
throw a suitcase into the water
that gets its attention instead we
haven't we didn't get to Christie yet
don't worry I'm ready Jay was just doing
his best clue Gulager impression this is
the weirdest movie
you
well you Mike had the opportunity to not
have to talk about Christie but
circumstance has changed and now you
have to talk about Christie well we
picked Christie based on the quality of
the cover and some of the images on the
back yes it's a quality cover yeah
whenever you have some like a like a two
kilobyte image that's blown up blow it
up to print size and it completely falls
apart and then you have a text when text
is it done properly text is usually
vector based which means you can blow it
up or shrink it without losing
resolution yeah and when they screw text
up usually means they had an image of
text and then blew that up yes which
means they have no idea what they're
doing fuck up the I see it yeah yeah
absolutely
Jesus Christ yeah it's stunning
oh there you are
what's the problem
yeah this is a feature-length film no
it's not five minutes yep this edited
live I think I'm pretty sure it's like a
public-access live show just working
that lever so this movie says that it's
the proceeds go to the Wildlife
Foundation family VHS it's kind of a
movie it's sort of has
I can't it's very hard to describe it
starts off like well it has a setup it's
like a 60-minute setup yeah and then the
final 30 minutes is just drunk grandpa
trying to pet Bobcats
get down here on his level and it won't
look quite so big to him oh how do you
even begin
well we begin at the beginning we get
some amazing shots of Santa you know and
his reindeer he's flying he's a
see-through head that has white
everywhere on everybody's costume they
make the decision instead of using a
blue or green screen to key out a white
background so is it all times partially
transparent also the reindeer is kind of
a ghost let's just say pretty good
special effects this would have wild
them in like 1908 in the in the era when
people were afraid the train would hit
them this movie these effects woulda
killed
somebody pointing a camera at the ground
that is covered with snow and this is
supposed to be an aerial shot over
Santa's Village because we see is there
are three little houses planted among
these aisles II guess you think those
are miniatures yeah did you think they
had a helicopter I thought yeah I
thought they got at your own that's more
like it easy easy
oh no they didn't have drones back then
Oh would have to been a full-on
helicopter okay I didn't do that I'm
saying that I'm interesting I think it
was a miniature very similar to the ship
and uninvited yeah you know what agree
to disagree
okay spring meadow there get a good fee
get a good but but okay we have a
special effects extravaganza open
worship santa returns to the North Pole
yeah but the first real scene that goes
on for 30 minutes is his elf who's
pictured in the back of this crime scene
for socially awkward girls spirited elf
is sitting in front of a rock and
there's another rock there there's the
only rocks on the north pole that don't
have snow on them there's no lights on
them and then there's a background and
then they have some kind of conversation
that goes on for an hour and she's
crying we don't know what they're saying
well cuz you can barely hear anything in
this movie because they filmed it in a
warehouse lapel mics like we have there
is a scene where Jack Frost is talking
to somebody
I'll go he's talking to toggle foot and
I think I cracked I just my brain crack
I just couldn't stop laughing and I
wasn't laughing at anything in
particular
they forgot the wireless this day you
might think that it was that in-depth no
I was just laughing like like a person
in a straightjacket would laugh my brain
stopped working so Jack Frost do your
magic tricks let the nation's one
one who said to be so bad can fill the
world with slender songs are done by red
letter media legend ranked early return
alleged Frank worse is taken it way back
Frank Worley this is a tape that we
bought at a thrift store it got it got
kicked around the blanket house set well
we use it in Episode five or six or
eight of the stuff half in the bag yeah
what do we do with it
you smashed it with a hammer I think we
reviewed like the first Thor movie
there's a hammer so this is the tape
that was used in that episode 25 years
ago when we shot that but he does all
the songs for this movie friend Frank
Worley is he is from that Vesper Vesper
Wisconsin yeah no this time Santa's
problem is a pesky little elf you know
in most musicals when a song starts like
things happen the frank whirly song
plays and usually in a movie when you
have a musical number you know you have
character singing or dancing or it just
holds on this girl crying for 25 minutes
now I know why they call it the flyover
zone because it's full of crying elves
this is what the Midwest produces so the
plot is crying elf is sad because the
animals don't get a Christmas visit from
Santa Claus and Santa says well I can't
do it I'm too busy and she says why
don't you do it the next day just tell
me why you think I'll give you a reason
to make it so I'll have give you a
reason
with the population growing the way it
is I can hardly make my rounds before it
gets light the way it is then just make
the runs during the day that could work
so they spend a year putting the sled
back together they spend a year fixing
Santa's old sled just gotta stay here
for a while Santa's lawn chair put you
in the Christmas spirit no Santa we have
read news we have Christmas songs I
don't know what more you want you're
missing the important part the titular
character Christie the first female
reindeer is birthed there's there's
there's 35 close-up shots of her own
focus over Frank were these beautiful
music and then eventually Christie grows
up and there's a montage sequence where
Santa train sir and we added just a big
pile of headstones dumping grounds all
the old reindeer so Christie is trained
to fly Santa's sled that harness real
good and that is the the first 60
minutes of the film that lead up to the
plot which is Santa takes its Christian
lands and then just explorers animals in
the woods he drunkenly tries to provoke
animals
he's come around here to see what only
what all we're doing it tumble foot does
not the sled down a hill tumble foot
wants to help
come on tumble foot is an abominable
snowman he mildly gets in the way a
little bit crazy Manson girls
yeah but then Santa Claus called tumble
foot but Santa Claus calls double fine I
was like hey help them move the slide
double foots trying to do his best but
he moves the sled all the way to the
dangerous waterfall that we talked about
we heard about earlier in the film or
what set up mic stay away from that
waterfall and then the sled goes down
the waterfall there's an avalanche and
then tumble foot goes like this with the
slide and pulls it out and that's the
end of that plot just kept waiting at
the end when when Santa's like petting
all the animals and he's just plain or
them I was just waiting for like a barf
cat to show up but grandpa aka Santa
should have said now the Fox the Fox
lives in the woods and is nocturnal and
and national information education
ecology and animal ecology information
it could could have been a brilliant
educational video for children who
wasn't what kid doesn't want to see
Santa interacting with with coyotes
giant steel
yeah I'd much rather see that in Santa
interacting with a crying elf yeah well
I mean there could have been real-life
horror because there is a bobcat there
that looked very defensive and was not
happy you got a mean look in his eye
yeah there's a guy in a Santa suit like
like like the ears we're back you know
there's a fucking mountain lion there
those things don't know how to react to
Santa for really been a wonderful day
really been a wonderful day
well they liked those marshmallows
otters candor water now meanwhile mrs.
Claus is preparing peanut butter covers
spreading peanut butter on rocks I just
keep thinking about just the
cinematography in general no visual
anything it's like I feel like I went to
the Stevie Wonder School of
cinematography even I can use it but the
camera 45 feet away from everything and
just have all of your actors in the
background you never tell what those
yeah you get on their mind so we've come
to the point of the night where we have
to pick best of the worst rich Evans
what is best of the worst I invited
easily okay this just gives me warm
happy feelings of some of the good times
I've had on best of the work yeah Josh
well I'll tell you if you want to watch
a movie you want to watch anybody
definitely looked like a film acted like
a film one had film actors in it
uninvited alright i rana CLE a christmas
episode are two Christmas films were
terrible one can't even be called a film
it's not a movie but but to give
Christie some credit had some good
laughs for the the incredibly inept
special effects
yeah bizarre that's that's the thing is
like we are talking about an uninvited
as like this is this is bizarre no
Christie is bizarre that's it this is so
bizarre it gets a little asterisk next
to it like sure noteworthy because we'll
always talk about them yeah yes I will
say for these three movies overall that
we didn't lack on interests there was
nothing that was painfully boring
although it was so packed full of
Christmas yeah I mean I don't think
there's anything we've watched that had
that much Christmas in it that's true
yeah yeah I'm gonna say Christie gets
the asterisks for being so bizarre and
and this it doesn't quite get to the
point where I actually want to destroy
it right yeah it didn't give us pain the
heart was in it the execution was like
yeah but uninvited legitimately
entertaining and fun and weird track
down that VHS rip DVD I think it's
coming to blu-ray wow I think we get to
see the the barf cat in all its glory
yeah HD glory you'll see more of the
puppeteers arm I can't wait well since
we're not destroying any tapes I think
we should pass on the Christmas cheer
the Christmas magic and we should become
Santa Clauses ourselves by rewrapping
these gifts and placing them around the
city okay boys for Tots some deserving
child somewhere will open this up and
we'll ruin their Christmas and
not just their Christmas but their life
there too because we need to give
somebody a barf cat maybe maybe Mike
instead of ruining their life you will
inspire the world's future greatest
filmmakers is the same fuck this yeah I
like you better than this
yeah yeah inspiration and I'm 5 really
be dropping me up and fuck yes sure
every sane Christian since it's like
that innocence is lost in shady forest a
beacon for its dwellers like in the
Bible book as drawn today a man dressed
in a shiny suit red he thinks it must be
Santa but what is this I see these
hanging apples oranges nuts and things
on this tree for this is not your
ordinary children's Christmas Eve
all God's creatures share in love the
tickets that he leave
Santa's hanging fruit loops on a wooden
land Christmas tree Garland's made a
free loops for his forest family on
Christmas Eve the children of the world
this sleigh might see but his slaves
loaded for this forest family
