Dec 03, 2018
Black Spine Edition #2 - Leap to the Future: Girl Scout Cookie Sale 2000 Troop Training, Table Manners: Tots to Teens, Kimo's Fierce Fighting, No-Holds Barred Starring Kimo: Groundfighting from the Guard
youtube.com/watch?v=11IO-mo8t74
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-black-spine-edition-2
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1069643733891772417

Jay: Oh, my god. It's Tim Higgins.
Tim: Hey, Jay.
Jay: Welcome to the Best of the Worst studio.
thanks
now for those of you that don't know Tim
has been in a bunch of our stuff over
the years you were in the very first
episode of half in the bag
he I am space cop you would just killed
thousands of people you're welcome which
is now still available on blu-ray your
injects I passed me a beer videos tons
of things over the years but you've
never been on it best of the worst
before I'm excited to be here thanks for
the invite yeah you know we normally
have a pretty good time when we do these
when we do the normal episodes anyway
that's usually fun but sometimes we do
like the we love the worst those are
kind of like questionable video the mix
Burning Man the worst was when we did
the black spine edition what's what's
that oh it was a stupid idea that Mike
had he had like a dozen tapes that
didn't have labels on them so he you put
him up on a shelf and had this dumb red
curtain and then we had to pick him at
random and they were all just just awful
but luckily we're just shooting a
regular episode today
welcome to the second edition what am I
doing with my life
Wow I can stop doing the voice news well
Jim as Jay said this is the black spine
edition volume 2 over the years we've
been sense blank tapes tapes with no
label on them and we've just been
throwing them in bins and finally we
have enough to do a proper like spine
addition we have 6400 tapes and we're
gonna randomly select one today
because that's what we're doing with our
day when we should be at home with our
loved ones celebrating Thanksgiving I'm
so sorry everyone
there's always leftovers you know all
right Tim you've got multiple shelves to
pick from don't you go ahead and just
pick one take a leap to the Future Girl
Scout cookie sale troop training 2010 in
case you've ever needed tips on how to
sell your own Girl Scout cookies this
tape will be extremely useful it seems
like it wasn't rewound so maybe they
stopped it at the sweet spot
Aloha Cassie that supposed to be an
email so word document she said the word
document mean though I was like an
attachment yeah right yeah you know I'm
sorry I can't be there right yeah I know
it's a holiday look Mike said it was
very important again grandma grandma
will be around next year don't worry I'm
sorry I'm sorry okay okay I'm sorry all
right what's what's the immersion the
business what's going on what know said
I had to be here yeah we're we're doing
the black spine edition what you opened
the door oh Jesus Christ
table manners tots to teens
well that's appropriate considering it's
Thanksgiving and you're not eating a
turkey dinner
come on and the next is the fish course
so the fish pork on the left and the
fish knife on the right to get out of
there she can't stop moving so we're
still doing this huh mm-hmm
we haven't given up on it yet look at
all this look at all these possibilities
it's like a galaxy like endless
possibilities is there life out there
I'm gonna pick this one
team demos fierce fighting
no-holds-barred starring chemo ground
fighting from the guard
good old chemo stop moving it around 38
minutes the best fighting let's try blue
talk about key though as I supposed to
be blue screen Wow oh good axis shut
down I just wouldn't allow
and here's how we do an airplane you
should never be comfortable I dunno
trust me you know I think the whole
thing was she's like we're not doing
none of those things when it's like no
that's exactly what we're doing so on
this black spine edition we watch some
random-ass videotapes what's what would
you in charge your tuxedo yes he was the
one that started talking that's what
puts him in charge that's how it works
fair enough and our first tape was leap
to the Future Girl Scout cookie sale mm
training it was definitely a leap to the
future but training Tim I know you're
new here but you do not interrupt the
host before he is passed off the tape
formerly the host picks one of the three
victims to introduce the table we have a
very very rigid formula here oh this is
not fun and games this is a serious
business
so Tim would you please talk about leap
to the Future Girl Scout cookie sale mm
troop training well oh you may take over
definitely a leap to the future
cookie sailed training though was
lacking know there's a literal leap to
the future yes I'm feeling we're not in
Kansas anymore there's absolutely no
cookie cookie training sale there won't
go up to a car don't go up don't attack
a car it was like ya know approaching
cars unless it's an regulator right yes
all the informative stuff was just a
couple of really quick tech screens the
rest of it was was bullshit it was some
some director trying to show his style
I'm gonna make a science fiction
blockbuster after this let me show you
what I can do this was Christopher Nolan
actually this is Christopher Nolan
directed this I think the one and only
really important part of the video
despite all the spectacle and the show
and the glitz and the glamour was the
disclaimer this entire video is an
asterisk saying don't go in a stranger's
house don't get kidnapped
we're not legally responsible that
happens because we warned you that it
goes I think it's a ghost Mike it's a
ghost
so yeah Mike yeah I love this black
spine experiment and I for one am glad
that we're giving this a second shot
despite the fact that the first one was
a complete burn dismal failure you know
what they say and what is the famous
Albert Einstein quote insanity is
repeating the same but an expecting
different results
SPECT indifference results yes but we
have a like couple hundred tapes up
there there is gold in there
them there hills and we're gonna find
it's gonna take us 27 black spine
episodes think it's a 1 entertaining one
but it'll happen let us not forget we
discovered Don beverage and push the
whopper button on the very first episode
and I've got that I've got that ace up
my sleeve so we've got 30 more episodes
so basically we've already found the Jim
100 garbage then we're gonna slowly plow
through things we don't know we don't
know unless we try so rich tell us all
about what
that's not how computers work a few cron
noises well how did they okay so it
starts with these three Girl Scouts in a
two wall bedroom they just came in from
doing something they were on something
fun and then they came into the bedroom
and they have the the classic iMac the
first iMac right the one with the color
colors yeah backs and then how do they
travel to the future well it just
happened they get a magical email that
comes through oh the email yeah and
malindo is like open up the secret link
you don't get a special glimpse of to
some of the exciting things the future
holds for girls of endless faith and
love like you you can see the cursor you
assholes it's only needs like a word
that's spelled wrong with the ready it's
a Mac like Word document a notepad doc
or whatever
listen if some that's something they
don't teach you in this video they tell
you not to go up to like strangers cars
but they don't say if you get an email
from someone inviting you into the
future maybe just close that out well
it's mm mm you open up every like what
the hell is that shit
it's just a Word document
did you notice their bed transform into
a future bed did not yeah I miss that
the desk was a future desk was like a
like a Star Trek The Next Generation
like flat-panel like yeah oh yeah the
bed the bad dole they had an older bed
and then it was like a like a floating
bed it was like a sci-fi bad I did not
notice that so they they they went all
out in this production well you know
it's that kind of attention to detail
that I expect from Christopher Nolan
yeah in his first production now you
know our troupe closes here out of this
world
we're playing a trip to space camp
canoeing ski trip horseback riding and
other fun things some corporate II kind
of think think tank was like oh god
we're turning the the millennium into
into 2000s Girl Scouts in their little
uniforms and doing their things and we
update it's gonna seem so antiquated in
in the 2000s let's make a video that
says Girl Scouts are moving into the
future and that's kind of like and there
was no content
it was just like like people have this
perception that Girl Scouts just so
cookies we're gonna make a video or a
show that they sell cookies
no no they use email and they talk about
computers and then they fly through
space they I just they said it's like
we're gonna take a step on the moon like
again but the moon that that girl
stepped on did not look nice although to
be fair you don't have to wear any sort
of like spacesuit so they got a stop
sign at one point
and that was in 2000-2001 yeah come son
so the two important takeaways are don't
get kidnapped while selling your cookies
and Girl Scouts are cool or the future
it's just nonsense
these literal designs they are flying at
one point and they're really flying you
go work me read yeah and without a
spacesuit or a spaceship I don't know
how they survive but they did it well
you're not in the Girl Scouts
it's a badge you earn yes I'm surprised
inter spelt interstellar travel look in
the future outer space has air in the
year 2000 2000 that's what happens
what what what the hunt ah gah there's
so many people in my room what the end
of the video is is they it cuts to the
back to the bedroom and then we realize
that we're in a like live TV studio oh
the girls start rapping rapping is that
even like obviously the kids aren't
rapping but is does that actually
Melinda rapping I don't know I'd have to
analyze the voices all of them have the
same toys no they don't
I think it's the same Melinda oh you can
tell that the little girls once they
start rapping it's like you went through
so many changes on that trip to space
7:22 you know they still have their
future voices when they grew up they
learned how to look like kids
yeah they learned how to bring back the
embarrassing 90s in the 2000 somehow
that was a badge they would as well
but Melinda is and then that it cuts the
credits and then the post credit scene
is Melinda's like I'm gonna play my
acoustic guitar while I have you trapped
here that's how he said we're done shut
the tape off Thank You black spine
edition we felt the need to escape
are we done with that that's your
decision you're the church in charge I
am in charge does everyone agree that
we're done was there anything else into
the the next thing yeah we watch was
table manners oh boy hots two teams now
I pick this tape but I'm in charge so
Mikey talk about table manners sauce the
team's cover a 1993
Nancy Nelson the fuck is that
Nancy Nelson apparently produced and or
copyrighted this film but is that a
pseudonym for what's her name Marge
Marge Abell welcome ladies and gentlemen
to our table manners class Marge about
Stuart a Emily Post
esque character prim and proper man
proper old lady old white lady I will
move into the table Scotty will touch my
legs perfect done we go
and I tuck in one hand and that's
actually her husband young for me
there's a tiny little redheaded boy who
Marjorie has always posed next to and we
we assumed that maybe her new husband as
her old husband was too old his body was
too old well we came up with it it's
like get out but instead of black people
you take their brains and put him into
small children and then that's your new
husband's yeah I think it was Jack who
said she loves the feeling of a little
tiny hand on her it was recorded turn oh
yeah we have a microphone we've been
live streaming the body of a four year
old boy -
the hand of a four year old boy
gripping well let's not get ahead of
ourselves here though we got it we got
to set up this whole thing oh yeah yeah
yeah
scene in the Phil Donahue show today
show the Vicki Lawrence show and the
home show and written about it leading
national publications like Ricky
Schroder
how'd you probably see she worked with
like famous people there's a young Ricky
Schroder picture in it many of the
president's children's and now she's
just taken it to the streets
stabbed once it seems like a very narrow
audience like if you're going to stately
dinners at the White House and your
child of a diplomat get that information
somewhere else are you ready
she's not talking any kid Wow no she's
all by yourself he's pretending to
doctor kids that that's look at the
tablecloth lovely white damask it's been
prayers so that there's one little
crease right in the middle can you see
it it's a tent like she was scared I
think she made this video to feel better
about herself okay yeah it's the cone of
like oh no I can't be racist I have
black friends this is like I can't be
racist I made a video where I teach
small you know a diverse group of
children how did you table manners they
won't be in the same shot as me and when
we go to the fancy restaurant at the end
they won't even be in the fucking room
the fanciest of Davenport Iowa go to the
fanciest supper club but then we go
inside the country a lot of white kids
they're nowhere to be seen which makes
me think they just couldn't get into the
club so Marjorie what Marja bail margin
high why can't you remember that I guess
because I want to say a real name that's
not a real fucking name large bail
indicates high society I guess I think
ease up people
come on so Marge about Stuart invites a
bunch of children into her home ages
ranging from four to there's no it's
early teens it's got to be like 30 34 oh
yeah she has her eyes on the tops which
one of you small children can I put my
husband's brain into but I think the
best part of this video is clearly the
cutaways of the kids fish knife on the
right what is it and because you will
not be using all of the goblets these
looks of disgust and then they must have
filmed those those cutaways separately
or right away like hey Marge Marge Bell
is like you know doing this thing like
look at her isn't she funny isn't this
fun aren't jamming fun okay get out yeah
well I think they spent five seconds on
each kid and will discover that no in
editing we can see if it's the same
shots over and over I think it probably
is
there's a girl that wants to go to the
bathroom there's a girl that thinks this
is all so lame that it's hilarious
we got hipster girl we have weird
fucking kid I don't even know what to
call him I call him Alfred E Newman hell
3d Newman a young you know way he's just
happy to be anywhere thank you
please mom wants me to be eating well
yeah and it had a little book of
instructions when it first came out what
is wrong with that girl yeah she picked
that moment to have her first period you
think you could help me set the table
wonderful yeah let's set the table and
then they have all the kids around her
it's like now where's this plate here it
is now is the Goblin what's going on
it's like oh there's my shrimp Fork or
seafood Fork sorry Marja Bell I would
love to see the raw footage from this
would like when she asked the kids put
the placements down themselves oh yeah I
would love to see her getting enraged
something on the right now may I please
have the salad fork who has the salad
fork what blew my mind though the salad
fork yeah at the next to the plate the
last thing yeah at the very end there's
some very it's very old fashions because
then they also talked about the the the
finger dipping water tip tip tip and a
nice little touch yes tip tip hmm do the
sides then bring up your napkin
this is like like the eighteen hundred's
right there a lot I don't even know if
like the most stately of stately dinners
would even have that kind of ol won't
know who dips their fingers in like it
that's like disgusting this is an old
woman trying to save proper manners even
though society's just gone beyond like
dipping your fingers at a pole yeah but
she's desperately trying to preserve it
I want to ask Marge about like like when
you ain't bitin something that's like
fuckin nasty or it's like you get a
piece of grizzle yeah well how do you
get that out you take your napkin from
your lap your best friend them it out
shake it down for the dog when they when
they finally went to their like the big
big show at the end there's that one
little jerk his napkin was like oh he's
not hanging off yeah I had like food on
his mom as a kid that wasn't her actual
they needed to fill out those tables
they couldn't put the actual like mealy
the black kid or the Asian kid so they'd
to fill it out with the white kids they
came out surfing the food maybe it's
like in Davenport Iowa that all of the
people know how lucky they are to have a
Marja Bell oh yeah in there so that she
has many classes for a season and then
okay that the the one group was lucky
enough to be there for the filming yeah
maybe was a hodgepodge of different yes
there every group the minorities could
not make it that day just coincidentally
none of them good because there was
definitely children that were not in the
video that we watch yeah
oh that stately luncheon it's like
and take a bite you see you take a bite
take a bite there are certain flowers
that are simply delicious
take a bite they were all promised if
they sat through this crazy old lady's
shed they were all promised chicken
nuggets to sit there put the fucking
napkin on your lap go to McDonald's
after work excels effort in so many kids
were so busy eating things and just
being like you have the first period at
Donington take your napkin in your right
hand and blocks tap tap tap tap tap tap
so on to our final video of the night
which is chemos fierce fighting
no-holds-barred J I could think of
nobody better to talk about this chemo
video oh well I mean chemo is the man
that hosts the video yes and he is into
jiu-jitsu he's very passionate about
jiu-jitsu and you know there's not a lot
to make fun of in the video really no
it's very straightforward he just you
know he wants to teach you all these
moves to combat somebody that's coming
after you
using jiu-jitsu I mean we've seen over
the beginning he's an intense fighting
man right right yeah yeah very well then
he backs up that intensity with his
jujitsu are they well executed moves I I
mean they looked like they were doing it
properly as best as I could tell
well I was kind of surprised because you
know you think of martial arts and fast
action and blocks but these these two
men they really like just you know
slowed it down you got this guy and he's
he's he's got he's got the tats and he's
ripped and it's a Jesus on his belly
yeah and you know he's just gonna punch
your fucking lights out he's gonna pound
you gonna have that guy he's on top of
you he's gonna give you a severe
pounding he has you in a position that
you do not want to find yourself yeah
you know where your belly let us not
forget this is a volume eight and I'm
sure the first couple volumes were about
punching and defending and you know this
particular volume was about a very
specific thing not letting someone
attack you from above you know so he he
knows this is what I got to do and and
you know he made the video and it's very
instructions for a very specific
audience and I think I think it's a
great video for that if you're looking
for a video about jujitsu holds this is
a perfect video I thought it looked kind
of like gay sex so much in my face
if chemo is punching them and because
you don't come so much in my face so so
we did it we talked about all the videos
this is the first black spine episode
that's actually entirely a black spine
episode for better or worse we did not
have to pull out a ringer so I think
that's positive sign but the time has
come
yes to figure out which video is the
best of the worst we're gonna go we're
gonna go alright the table here what you
should explain to Tim the criteria ah
so those are the criteria is we select
the our favorite tape of the night and
it's your your pick for any any reason
if you thought it was funny because it
was bad or if you thought it was good
because it was well-made whatever reason
you want whenever it's the most
entertaining to you firm there's
whatever reason oh yes tight yeah I got
so cool Tim which of these videos do you
think is the best of the worst I would
have to go with Marja Bell and her
etiquette teachings of Tata tea because
wow it there were you there had to be
like just fuming outtakes of Marja Bell
going and I loved it so much personality
among yes each had their own story yeah
and Mike your Vic yeah Marja ball yeah
not not only for her her charm and and
her her etiquette but yeah packable like
I always say the certain tapes you could
come up with a backstory they're boring
tapes but you've come up with a funny
backstory or they're a funny tape
you know but this one had both and the
the idea of that Marjorie and her
deceased husband's soul has maybe that's
from tots to teens that's once they
become teens that's when they transplant
the brain again that's the window to
talk the new husband will be you we're
going to take your body Johnny oh that's
it yeah you know I started and then just
nothing else was there
that's it was empty it's very almost
Being John Malkovich but instead of a
whole bunch of old people going into one
body yes okay so Jay what is your pick I
also have to go with the table manners
one just the fact that we spend so much
time with her at this table and we keep
cutting to all these kids and then when
they cut to the interior of that Country
Club and it's just a bunch of little
white kids like that's the funniest
fucking thing that's the fact that they
abandoned half the kids from the video
it's terrible
I'm gonna make it unanimous them know
desperately trying to save the concept
of table manners for a young generation
it's a losing battle that Marja Bella's
on pimping and blotting - it's a losing
battle it's kind it's constantly
thinning out as to where this is
applicable yeah all you gotta know is
from the outside in then yeah salads
first bitches look is this salads last
shit you should make like a just a long
rambling video rebuttal now focus on the
outside bitch like in a seance bring up
Marge Bell yeah we need to get a Ouija
board and cunt
Marybel just so he can tell her I was
wrong she's about salads like dressed up
is got a horrible outfit and put you
into like some got a really dingy
kitchen for your response video where
you're talking about the salad for Dixie
paper plates this this is a fucking
salad fork some outside Marge Bell yeah
now I need that fucking dipping bowl cuz
all the sauce I'm using your fine silver
and you still need to dip your fingers
the fuck yeah that was a contradiction
as a plot hole a big black hole how are
you getting fucking food on your fingers
what you know specific don't slurp sorry
sorry she said I just saw margery bottle
ate a whole bunch of romaine lettuce no
children she had a bunch of romaine
lettuce and they just hit blood she made
a video a how-to video about how to deal
with e.coli from Todd's to squats you
might come across about tater tots with
e.coli on it hot squats that's why they
eat the lettuce last really excuse
yourself from the dinner halfway through
we figured all right doesn't look like
Mike's anywhere in the building good
let's make sure we never have to film
another black spine episode ever again
so see you
