Aug 7, 2018
Night of the Lepus, Zombie 3, and Silk
youtube.com/watch?v=m0QUo5jnhYE
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1027023346104520704
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-night-of-the-lepus-zombie-3-and-silk

well Josh are you ready to waste another
day of our lives
I'm always ready for that how do you
want to do it today well it's a very
special day
oh this year is the 35th anniversary of
the release of the first consumer grade
camcorder I didn't know that but before
that camera what existed was you had
this thing which is just the camera yeah
and you had to run a cord out of it that
would go into a shoulder strap VCR
bugger out in the bill you can use it
with a pass on a color TV camera to
record life outdoors you can see what
your taped instantly instant replay and
then this is your power that was
convenient so Sony said fuck that shit
and they print out the first camcorder
that was beta and then the first VHS
camcorder was a couple years later this
RCA brands is one of the first ones we
used it in space cop and right now I'm
filming you space cop say hi say hi to
the kids back home yeah I'm television
space cop you want to be in my rap video
so in honor of the 35th anniversary of
the first consumer grade camera we've
got something a little special in mind
mr. baumann I feel so good welcome Josh
to the fabulous world of VHS I feel like
I've been here before
we're gonna film the rest of this
episode on thirty-year-old camcorders
great idea nothing can possibly go wrong
so normally the way it works on best of
the worst we watch these old movies and
they look like crap
right and in our footage is in okayish
HD so we're shaking things up and we're
filming on VHS and the movies we're
going to watch are all remastered
blu-rays a first movie today is the 1968
classic night of the Lepus How Many Eyes
does horror have how many times will
terror strike only Rory Calhoun knows
for sure is there gonna be any mention
on this that the creatures are bunnies
are they gonna keep that in the shadows
well I would you like the man the
suspense for you I guess okay there was
no limit to the horror no end to the
night of the Lepus and this is where the
things were like the Lepus is the
scientific name so if you knew if you're
a clever boy yeah you know all about
they didn't call the movie night of the
bunnies freeze for a damn good reason
hormone in tendency alter the breeding
cycle of rabbits over running Arizona
ranch land instead turns them into
flesh-eating 150 pound monsters in 90
liters so there you go
this substance if we can affect the
blood of 50 rabbits it wouldn't take
long for this change sir Whitman Eaton
live Janet Lee psycho Rory Calhoun motel
Holland DeForest Kelley Star Trek what
is that hmm are among the intrepid
humans facing off against the behemoth
bunnies using guns flames dynamite at
anything else in their grasp to battle
their oversized hungry tormentors all
right yeah it's fucking big bunny movie
does it say is this like a 4k 2k 2k 2k
restoration to case came from the inter
positive okay well that's good them that
we're shooting in point zeroes
Oh Oh everybody else leaving but Dave
here just wants to marry Apple
you can't escape neither lupus call my
agent
oh it's a Lucio Fulci film zombie three
the notorious full Chima TAFE ragazzo
saga saga don't worry it's only 95
minutes long is there a document not
only is this our longest movie of the
night but it's Italian gray I know I
know the other our other friends I'm
best of the worst they love the Italian
it's true they do the notorious full
team Italia for Gaston saga now in HD
for the first time in the u.s. surely
before completing the sequel to his
classic zombie which was zombie which is
zombie too but a zombie one is Dawn of
the Dead okay but this just says zombie
here
it was released overseas as zombie okay
I know it was released in the US as
zombie Dawn of the Dead came out in
Italy as zombie so zombie is actually a
zombie too right which makes this zombie
three but then that came out in the US
as zombie yes no zombie 2 came out in
the US as zombie okay and that's most
importantly though that's the movie or a
zombie fights a shark right so start
over for cleaning completely that the
legendary Lucio Fulci became ill and
left the Philippines based production
but when millipedes again the
Philippines Italian Philippines in one
movie but when director of Bruno Mattei
shocking dark and write-offs writers
Claudio Fragoso and Rossella drew D
troll - most known Patrol - stepped in
to finish the results became the most
insanely enjoyable zombie romp in Euro
cult history after a deadly virus is
stolen from a government facility it
will unleash a wildly entertaining
combination of full cheese signature
extreme violence that they put wildly
entertaining and quote that actually has
a quote the drama horror says it was
usually when we read these there's
quotes that are attributed to anybody I
know I just wanted to keep going that
would have been the perfect one to not
be attributed
tributed anybody yes sister a really
great movie a combination of full tease
signature extreme violence Matea foie
gras so style sorry logic and
yeah the lightest way I've ever heard
Claudio Ferguson described surreal logic
real logic control - and one of my
favorite surrealist films
yeah it's sure they didn't go as far as
a magical realism or anything because
yeah that's a little too far down the
road I guess and big bloody buckets of
goo spewing mayhem that must be seen to
be believed
Darren Sarathi and Beatrice ring in
Massimo van East are in this total blast
Bloody Disgusting now featuring a 2k
skin and uncut for the first time ever
in America alright fuck yeah so we get
all the gore and none of the plot money
my god coincidentally the ceiling
collapse next up is one I don't know a
fucking thing about it's called silk oh
we got nipples right on the cover and
fantastic
she bangs them breaks um and books um
that sounds illegal silk the four-letter
word for steamin nonstop action so this
is like this is like the best dandy
Sedaris movie that Andy Sedaris never
made
she has to watch out though she's about
to get burned up by the Sun ooh this is
like a post apocalypse movie she's also
fucking 40 feet tall my god silk the
toughest cop in Honolulu know any stars
connections yeah bust some small-time
smugglers only to discover a larger
syndicate that is smuggling Asian
mobsters into the States
oh by buying the identities of Hawaiian
citizens okay all this leads to a series
of murders that has the police baffled
so silk is called in to help uncover the
culprits from the late prolific Filipino
director okay if we watched a Filipino
movie before was raw force Filipino
force was but blood bets
yeah yeah remember blood dads I do
83 minutes that's the best news of all
all right I feel like
at 6:45 a man came into the gas station
pointed a gun at the proprietor mr.
qualms and demanded the contents of the
safe when mr. qualms hesitated the mess
well we tried well fuck it I'm just
gonna take charge all right welcome to
our VHS tape filmed blu-ray episode and
we watched three movies today and our
first movie was night of the Lepus Mike
just because dr. McCoy's in it why do
you tell us about night Anna Lepus night
night of the Lepus starring Stuart
Whitman Janet Lee Roy Calhoun giant
bunnies attack
that's that's the gist is giant bunnies
attack people in the boringest it's that
boring but it's pretty boring it's it's
dull the problem is it's very
straightforward like you mentioned we
set industrial film it's like if the guy
who made Zaid if he had a budget if the
guy who made that suddenly was sucked
out of all his creativity it feels like
somebody in the 70s wanted to make a
nostalgic reference to 50 science
fiction movies maybe this is true but if
they did if they were doing that they
did it completely straight face yeah
yeah there's no camp to this movie
either not functionally or unintentional
yeah there will not be giant bunnies
going down that shaft definitely not
because you look at like if anyone's
seen killer clowns from outer space
that's one that's like a reference to
50s B movies but it's clearly there's a
little bit of a wink going on a lot but
I mean it has it has all those tropes
from those 50s B movies which this also
has but everybody is just very tired ray
just seems kind of tired but slightly
tired this is the sleepiest movie you'll
ever see they rounded up a bunch of
elderly actors yeah people are just just
past their prime just passed DeForest
Kelley two years after Star Trek was
cancelled in that dark dark period
between 1969 and 1979 did a giant killer
bunny movie sure did cuz listen as I
said earlier even space doctors got a
mortgage and he is not unfamiliar with
large bunnies as you'll see from this
clip from the original Star Trek series
from the episode titled this side of
paradise one side one side I'm late I'm
late
my fuzzy ears and whiskers I'm late Mike
that's that's the wrong Club what that's
a clip of the Star Trek animated series
episode where they reference McCoy
seeing the bunny oh no no thanks
you everything's wrong you're using the
wrong clips who's in charge
nobody's this side of paradise when when
when when the flowers exploded Spock's
Bay face you can explain it to me all
you want doesn't change the fact that I
don't know what you're talking about
and I haven't seen it and there's the
damsel in distress the flowers in the
face episode episode is the episode
where the hallucinations become real
shore-leave
it's called shortly sorry ah right this
side of paradise or leave Josh surely we
should have known everybody knows
shortly thank you on this side of
paradise is the episode where we're
hallucinogenic flowers explode in
people's faces and mate and turn them
into hippies fuck work I'm just gonna
lay here with this lady and and just
relax I'm not going back Jim sure leave
is when they go on a planet where all
their fantasies come to life
wait whose fantasies are bunnies stand
by and of course DeForest Kelley is not
unfamiliar with large bunnies as seen in
this clip from the original Star Trek
episode sure leave I don't know he's
kind of timely as long as the forest
Kelley got to fuck bunnies asalaam he
fuck anybody know
but then DeForest Kelley did night at a
Lepus and he got fucked financially by
appearing in the film was the jokes well
he wanted that sweet sweet paycheck
he wanted that paycheck I don't know
about sweet
you have any sense of scale yet of this
body Sicily what footage do we have of
the bunnies cut it quick whoa I love
those super slow night of the Lepus
let's get right into it we started off
with we're in Arizona
rabbits are ruining the crops of these
Arizona farmers the ranchers call into
force Kelly and DeForest Kelley says I
know these two scientists played by man
who looks like he has chronic back pain
Stuart Quitman Stuart Whitman and his
wife played by Janet Leigh from psycho
yes and they have a little daughter and
he says Kathy's curse is the daughter
the solution is not to use chemicals and
poisons to kill the rabbits but maybe we
can find a genetic solution maybe to
stop them from breeding hormones
hormones there there is a eco solution
to overpopulation of rabbits so therein
lies our premise his solution is he
wants to make rabbits fuck less we were
trying to make Jack a little more like
Jill and Jill a little more like Jack so
they wouldn't keep having such large
families instead the serum makes them
the size of elephants so somebody
somebody forgot to carry a one eye well
the point being that somebody somewhere
made a horrible miscalculation and
thinking that you could make a scary
movie about giant bunnies
left or right
right I guess I thought the slow-mo
would make it look like they have more
weight to them I've been said it just
makes them look like they're filmed in
slow-mo look worse they were normal
speed maybe it would definitely look
this way just movies are funnier that's
right they were normal speed
yeah look worse if you're trying to be a
serious right but this way it just looks
bizarre
because it doesn't look like they have
more weight - oh it's a boring movie but
one of the things I will give it credit
for is the miniature work is adorable
yeah well that's that goes along with
the miscalculation and that bunnies are
cute
miniature things are cute so you have
bunnies on what is obviously miniature
sets it's just cute yeah
yeah and the problem is even when those
ministry sets are very well done and
blended very nicely which they heard 30
percent of the time yeah it's still cute
yeah it doesn't really work
yeah it's that's why though the shots
are so quick cuz like you can't hold on
a bunny for too long cuz they're gonna
go ah even if it's a bunny would like
like pastel paint is a taste that's
supposed to be blood
if someone comes to you right I have a
movie from 1972 about giant killer
bunnies right you think oh my god it's
gonna be so corny it's gonna be
hilariously bad there's gonna be a bunny
on a blue screen that's going on yeah
and there's yeah it's gonna be just be
terrible they did it to the ninth yeah
they did it perfectly because they said
okay wait
film the bunnies in slow motion don't
show them too much have a large
full-scale bunny costume just every now
and then
oh that was absolutely the bony suits
don't look like the bunnies they look
like an Easter Bunny they they did it as
as best they could in 1972 which is to
the movies detriment enough to the
detriment of the movie yeah
they played it so straight they must
have used a level and a t-square yeah
whoever thought of this idea terrible
idea but whoever made the film did their
very fucking best absolutely to make it
as realistic as possible but left out
one human element we have genitally and
her husband mm-hmm who is played by
Stewart women some sort of relationship
there everyone else is as boring as a
character in a industrial film yes yeah
this movies like less fun tremors yeah
it's kind of the same buildup yeah
same pacing so methodical and without
all of the suspense oh yeah without
everything that makes Trevor special
yeah documentary yeah no personality at
anybody and no agency nobody has
anything to do it's like oh there's
these bunnies I guess we should stop
them somehow extremely generic farmer
farms yeah college president runs a
college yeah you gotta have that that
personal element where like all those
characters have have drama going on of
their own unrelated to the bunny sir
yeah we cut all that out because we
needed to have slow-motion pictures
yeah of bunnies there's no I mean the
stakes are big bunnies kill innocent
people but there's no like big payoff
there's no twist to theirs there even
there's even the setup to they show
a drive-in movie theater ladies and
gentlemen there is a herd of killer
rabbits headed this way and we
desperately need your help
and I was thinking of the blob the
famous scene in the blob where the blob
attacks the movie theater you have a
drive-in theater you have a big screen
have a giant fucking bunny burst through
that screen and started jumping on cars
and going crazy but instead the cop
shows up and he goes all right everybody
those giant bunnies coming go away and
then everybody just drives away and then
the scenes over no he directs them to
the tracks
no no they go to the tracks to
illuminate the track because they're
going to electrocute the track and then
the bunnies are going to go on the track
so these families that went to the
drive-in theater could witness the bunny
massacre yeah we see that we see small
children seeing the bunnies died because
there is no twist to the plan the
bunnies just show up and get
electrocuted yeah actually I want to
point out because Mike did actually talk
about this when we were screening it
where he was saying that at this point
there would be a twist we're like the
bunnies aren't going the right way or
something except this is our plan this
is our playing oh shit there's a problem
with their plan we have to come up with
an alternate yeah it's a tremors moment
tremors a very similar type of film
except good yeah throwing dynamite
or something else out another plant
yeah but okay I was out of the room what
was playing on the screen during Tom and
Jerry cartoons see what you need is an
old like Ray Harryhausen dinosaur
stop-motion some creature on the screen
yeah well the kids laugh at it yeah this
looks goofy mom and dad this giant
creature looks so stupid
the bunny death scream oh yeah which
honestly in this movie was fucking
underused because that sound is
terrifying and it's not really in the
movie apart from the very beginning look
all you people that live in LA in New
York
it's Midwesterners we know the death
rattle of bunnies every now and then we
hear the death rattle of the bunny when
it gets killed by a coyote bunnies don't
make a fucking sound their whole life
until a coyote gets them and then they
go
it's the worst sound you'll ever hear in
your whole life you're gonna have to cut
a real one in here it's gonna be so
awful no I didn't know a bunny could
speak do you know that in Waco Texas
back when they did the the Branch
Davidian they had their little fracas
with the FBI they wanted them to get out
of the building they would play the
screams of dying bunnies all out speaker
oh my god yeah even anything in mega
believer it wasn't just Bell Biv DeVoe
music Bell Biv DeVoe yeah poison that
was a visit of a group rich okay you're
old enough to know this I know but this
guy's what a whiter than Casper you
remember though the ABC vbd
like like the Jackson 5 maybe see that's
more riches generator okay guys one two
three I know that rich is 65 years old
he grew up on Motown we all did
so that's our discussion of the night of
the Lepus yeah what happens really got
nothing more to say it's so like there's
bunnies we have to stop bunny it's very
efficient at being boring
it's like industrial film on how to stop
a bunny in Beijing
all right our next movie is zombie 3 by
Italian horror legend Shoji Tabuchi J
would you like to tell everybody about
zombie 3 oh well first of all Lucci felt
she did not direct this film toward
insurgency boots Norton or did Shoji
Tabuchi just to be clear he started
making movie he got very sick and they
turn it over to Brno Mathai yeah it
showed you Tabuchi Wow he's I mean well
he's clearly sick have you seen his
concert something's wrong with that man
so a couple of scientists in Santa
Monica Philippines working on some sort
of zombie juice death one death one it's
called we start right I want it like no
we don't even have credit sure yeah I
think they give the death one to some
guy and he vomits up troll to goo and
then for some reason somebody tries to
steal the zombie juice they trip in the
woods for no reason and they cut
themselves and they get infected with
the zombie juice and then the government
in Santa Monica Philippines burns him
and then his ashes rain from the sky
much like return to the Living Dead and
infect the bird and then the birds
become zombies and then the zombie birds
attack a camper one person from that
camper become and then they take that
zombie to a hotel we're at that hotel
earlier different hotel I guess it's a
different hotel it might be the same
hotel
the guy who stole the zombie juice goes
to a hotel and he loses his mind they're
just trying to wage a that was you're
forgetting about the gas station where
there was a pre-existing zombie chainsaw
oh no apparently a dental Dombey
outbreak at a gas station because
there's a girl and a guy in a fancy fast
car and the guy has support van okay his
Corvette an Italian film is not gonna
not have an Italian sports car you got
so she really is just going all the way
to get in some water
Oh fuckin no it's fancy sports car do
flags
it's a checkered flag black Ferrari
right that's not a Corvette Corvette -
Chevy I don't know that's that's an
American auto Ferrari yeah yeah alright
so just all credibility when it comes to
Italians well on cars Mike trying to
correct me on this city well then coming
to our channel to get your expertise on
Italian sports cars and now it's out the
fucking window anyway so birds are
zombies people are zombies a hotel gets
infected by zombies what are you doing
can we just look are you doing heat just
condensed all this talking
that was super condensed it's just three
words into three words
nonsensical what happened all the birds
after that one scene oh they just called
herds they're just gone it's single most
deadly thing in the movie they are these
tiny flying zombies that can infect
anyone they're just out there and they
definitely infect three to four people
that we see yeah
the only deadlier is the the zombie head
that can defy the laws of physics that
fridge is empty too
oh my god wonderful holy shit what's
propelling it logic has been thrown out
what did they find any food what I want
to know is how did that zombie head end
up in that fridge and how long was it
there it was another unrelated zombie
that's been there for years
okay just hanging that was some of the
last zombie outbreak it's like the
zombie keep having zombie outbreak
zombies it's Italy or it's this is Santa
Monica that's right so Monica of the
Philippines
oh my god oh Jesus upbeat very unclear
yes so eventually this movie breaks down
to where the survivors are fighting
against the government the government's
like trying to exterminate all living
beings we had all these people in hazmat
suits yeah well like I like the crazies
yes yes I mean are we gonna talk about
Bill when we say bill we're talking
about the character bill from the film
blood debts
you know belly recruit more pimps more
pushers which was featured on best of
the worst villain who famously said we
need more pimps and Porsches yeah orders
are to recruit more pimps more pushers
he shows up in this movie and I
recognize him from your episode I didn't
see blood deaths right so I saw and I
was like oh that's blood deaths but you
can reason you you're at a porn
convention but Jamis missed
we missed the episode because he was out
of town except he was in the episode hey
guys what do you think of the tomb what
was the one scene where they said there
was some science talk in that one scene
and it was like if we put this molecule
with this other molecule that might work
that's right yeah yeah this is the same
movie where we walk into a bar it's
almost like beer yeah so close to
finding a cure we have three u.s. army
guys camper phillovell filled with
ladies and then just like no kind of
real main character until and sports car
couple sports car yeah then family that
was not a family
even in the movie I'd hoped family
waters long wait a minute that wasn't
that wasn't their Lepus okay that was
that was that was collective dementia
the spoken word oh no we have a whole
bunch of characters all they do is just
get whittled down until we have our
protagonist in the last ten seconds of a
movie yeah there's only our protagonist
because that's the one to survive
well there's those weird zombies that
are just like hiding under hey where's
like it's a practical joke because aam
beets think that way your face there's a
lot of ambush zombies in this a time
that goes against Lumbee logic a zombie
ambushing you from above yeah yeah that
means you kind of wait up there like I'm
gonna jump and it's calculated the one
was crazed and running but then summer
shufflings yeah some kung foo it's all
over the place you know remember when
the one lady gets gets her face ripped
apart
oh yeah that was a great team oh jesus
fucking christ
oh girl zombie hand is an adult-sized
hand what that doesn't make any
Oh guys throw up she has her blood
pressure as zero
yeah she's like she's clinically dead
she's been clinically dead for two hours
really why are you still sitting there
yeah technically it's a virus but really
they're dead
yeah so you've got the the rules you've
got the the Romero law yeah gotta shoot
me in the head
right um cuz the one guy gets a spike
through the neck and he keeps going and
he keeps going but another zombies get
shot with the m6 and they're down and
they're done yeah one you know so the
first zombie that we see is the one with
the machete and he's he's like going
super fast oh yeah not the walls and
shit like no you've got him and then
you've got traditional Romero slow
zombies yeah then you've got the ambush
zombies which require forethought I'm
gonna stay up in the rafters and just
sit here and wait for the next couple
hours until someone jumps someone's down
below and stay on my kiosk that I'm
gonna tell I'm gonna hide my kiosk
oh I guess I died and I'm just ahead I'm
gonna way to summer fly yeah
zombies that have forethought in the in
the our long range that's something
that's some of them talk those of you
listening to the sound of my voice no
why yeah boy yeah in the end of this
movie we have a radio DJ zombie oh
that's right
bringing broadcast for zombies for all
the undead zombies are now like a
subculture uh-huh that are intelligent
yes there are no rules well that's yeah
neither Lepus and this are both kind of
in the same boat where it's like there's
a premise and then stuff just kind of
happens yeah
well that's that's just typical for an
Italian kind of 70s 80 movie isn't it
but for the ones that we've watched just
there's plenty of really actually really
great it's hell you know horror movies
but we don't watch those on this show
things we typically watch the Italian
movies we've watched they're just like a
script with like no or poor structure
and just thinking things happen and
you're like why although to be fair that
that happens and the good ones too yeah
it's like what is this engaging in those
right until it feels intentional yeah oh
that's another weird thing like so many
things in this movie look like they've
been abandoned for 20 years yet this job
was the next day most of the movie takes
place over the course of one day yeah or
so we think
there's spider webs all over everything
maybe the vines everywhere that just
just sprung up over the last day I guess
question mark it don't make no sense so
it's Italian I don't want to bring about
the end of humanity
alright so that was zombie three our
next film was silk Josh would you like
to explain what happened in silk silk
I'm not a biter
we
was this bordering on like let's just
grab anything and watch something else
yeah this is there's like nothing to
work with here
yes usually there's even in the boring
ones or something yeah but this says
this is this has nothing
they carry this is like like emergency
situation there's nothing to work with
in this video
my name is Neil Breen I'm a filmmaker
oh what's this oh hey look we decided to
watch pass through something incredible
is about to happen
Sok if it started it started off
promising from the first minute the
first 30 seconds literally 30 seconds
yeah and then it's the most boring thing
we've ever watched to the point we did
something we've never done before we
pushed the Whopper button we pushed that
whopper button watch pass through we
broke out Neal Breen it's been sitting
in our specialty case for about two or
three years since it came out it was the
right call it saved the fuck it was 100%
the right you had to desperate times
call for desperate measures we're
falling behind on our brain we were
because he just came out with twisted
pair pair yeah yeah something what she's
twins who am i what am i here's the
funny thing these these two ovaries the
other two movies we watched are horror
movies aha and yet pass through is the
most legitimately scary thing we watched
yeah absolutely you know like I don't
want to get shot it's the middle aged
man equivalent of like if a teacher
finds like a weird letter and a high
school kids Locker yes we need to talk
about this yeah this is the the 40 year
old man's feature-length version this is
the 60 year old man's feature like this
movie will send you to the counselor's
office there are genetic and
psychological limits to the primitive
human species you have demonstrated your
inability to live in a truthful honest
trustworthy and accountable way films TV
radio the glorification of violence or
second chance I have eliminated
300 million humans from the planet today
I have killed them all
this is the old brain saying really
vague things about the media about
politicians about corporation bags
extremely vague yeah problematically
vague yeah the environment the human
glorification of violence children and
animals the set up is clear right a
benevolent force in the future has come
you know to teach humanity how to be
better no he comes and his solution for
Earth's problems is to kill all of these
people he doesn't like but he's not wait
he's got to get there first because
before that he has to encounter people
that are coming into our country from
other country to the US what's happening
in a future fake fires see you got to
keep up you can't ask questions it's
it's it's it's metaphorical because he's
saying all these people are coming into
a country from their country and they're
coming in from the same flimsy fence
that most people are coming from other
countries have a specific country
they're coming in from and we see it in
the movie from from our but that's
that's you know where you're you're
thinking about to literally only one
portal into the United States or
whatever country this movie happens in
yeah from from our perspective it's very
clearly like illegal immigration yeah
Mexico or Central America into the
United States but they're not coming
from Mexico and they're not coming to
the United States it was an extremely
varied cast that are coming back to you
that's the that's the questionable
moment
because I have absolutely no value for
you - on the streets we're thinking like
okay we did you want a cast of 30 like
Latin America Hispanic looking people
come and just could not get up and could
not get it so he settled for whoever
showed up that whoever would work for
that with red hair a black guy a Chinese
lady yes out old gold white guy you know
like like a numerous amounts of people
right or was that his plan to represent
all of covers all of the mystery we'll
never know planet earth should be a
planet with no borders I've know
countries and I think that's what in
especial words that no flimsy fences
fall over when you just touch I'm pretty
sure his main message was if you need to
stay at his Airstream
he will go ahead and take all the cans
and throw them away because he will
clean up for you I'll clean it for you
my god what are you doing and you can
LAN his nasty-ass mattress cause look
it's clean it's clean look it's clean
bookings popping out it's clean it's all
clean the other takeaway from
pass-through is that Neal Breen bottom
that's that should be the title of the
film
I bought a drone thank you bought a zoo
check it out yeah I bought a drone can
we talk about how many times he goes
into the desert and touches a rock and
goes back into the past where there's a
tiger it's like the exact same shot over
and over of him disappearing in that
rock it repeatedly happens but I mean I
mean the special effects with him and
that tiger or seamless yeah okay there's
one shot he uses twice in the movie with
the tiger yes and it actually looks
really it's more than twice its which
are you talking about are you talking
about the up-close sex toys no in the
first part of the shot it actually looks
really good if I have a second and then
the camera moves the camera moves on
yeah not on him all the time he stay
still it's a so did you yes yes all of
sudden you get this snowy background in
the desert have you seen the future I am
the future are you one of us or from out
there
yes okay so can we talk about the lady
that he rescues and her niece sure
possibly yeah the niece that's possibly
although their age different race
different race now I want to point out
that this is not impossible it's just
extremely improbable don't come near me
I'll kill you you fucker I won't hurt
you if it can be destroyed by the truth
it deserves to be destroyed by the truth
I want to point out Neal Breen kills 300
million bad people in this movie 300
million bad people actively bad people
they are works for a bank corrupters
politicians bankers insurance agents
yeah sorry
shut up that Neal brain has manually
personally gone around to every cocktail
party I'm just chit-chatted CEO of a
major bank we manipulate interest rates
to serve our best interest with no
concern to the customers of course we
make a fortune at our insurance
companies overcharging customers and
hospitals and there's nothing the
customer can do about it isn't that
cheating the public ninety percent of
the movie takes place in the fucking
desert
and then finally in the last 10 minutes
all of a sudden we get Neal Breen and he
doesn't have more montage of him a
different cocktail party he morphs into
a suit from his usual of denim oh yeah
so then we get a montage of him saying
his catchphrase isn't that betraying the
public's trust isn't that cheating the
public isn't that immoral isn't that
corrupt my friends and I have many
personal and intimate relations with
government and corporate officials I'm
sure I can get them to vote a certain
way for the right price these are the
rich elite yeah oh oh I get it
literal conversations control and
influence many courts judges lawyers
agencies and politicians our justice
system is broken it's ineffective and
that's just the way we want to keep it
isn't that immoral the the stock
characters that play the the rich elite
yeah one percent there's a lot they're
like hahaha
really it's so enjoyable living life
as a rich banker that takes advantage of
poor people and and screws them out of
their livelihood for my own financial
gain so literally rich people or or bad
people have cocktail parties where they
hurried over in the same two houses and
the two houses are the same like just
say what they do that's bad yeah
medical research could have cured cancer
and other diseases 75 years ago we won't
let that happen
we lose too much money I am a
pharmaceuticals CEO and I love accruing
people out of their money
Wow isn't that a bad thing
who was that guy I have no idea never
seen him before
he must not be from here and that but my
favorite thing about that is that the
rich people just go like who the fuck
was that
elderly real estate agent from was like
this is supposed to be like to come up
it's montage oh you're right that is a
bad thing to do to people none of those
people do it just like who was that guy
it wasn't that that dead balding elderly
real estate agent for love a lives in
the desert who sold me my my house this
is this is a 30-second montage in a
90-minute movie yeah just happened
that's the debts and then he walks out
of the mansion and it blows up yeah and
it blows up and it was that before or
after the newscasts that went on for 20
that was before and after the oh no it's
both oh my god security
you won't need security you're gone
that's my scrubs yeah yeah hey deal
Breen's gonna row train here
in local weather oh god he grew really
those people are just people reading the
news it's just a job Neal Brienne's
essentially Thanos he's snapping his
fingers no but they say it on the air
like we're always reporting the wrong
thing because yeah I say something like
that drink during the like the two
five-second commercial breaks can happen
within 10 seconds early were actually
saying it on the air because it was
right in between they didn't go to
commercial regular it was like
commercial we don't report out all the
right things
ha ha ha no there were there was there
was banter between the two anchor yeah
what an asshole that politician was
which establishes that the news anchors
have some sort of conscious and yet Neal
Breen destroys them yes people like you
growing this planet this like we laugh
at no brain right this movie has me
convinced that he's probably gonna watch
this somewhere no no no III agree with
you yeah well I said at the top that
says this is his manifesto yeah I'm not
joking about that let's win it when it
comes to this scene especially yes is
like a and litrenta Sheila's monologue
in the new station don't be naive weak
and ignorant the hard truth the current
state of decline of the human species or
revolt it must start now new leaders not
followers if the if the president
whoever is the president of time is
going to Las Vegas we with three word
code like eyes on brain is fun rehashing
eyes on notices landing eyes on brain
where is he what is he doing
eyes on bring up because it Breen
transcends political ideology yes into
straight-up like
okey anarchy yeah his first film I got
satellites I got tunic and I was gonna
drug the water system of America with
anthrax yeah yes yes yes that's super
poisoned I am demonstrating my control
over the entirety of America and other
countries and this it's ice to tear kill
300 million people and I don't agree
with that I don't agree with and so yeah
it's funny he's funny he's a bad
filmmaker but at the same time it's when
are you gonna get a gun it's funny now
Clint has begun I'm just picturing now
people in like like an FBI office like
we've got some tips on we should
probably watch this guy's movies and
move it around they watch Kirk answer
with a tin can they just can't cut off
on the filmmaking they forget about his
message at the movie we watch this we
laugh hysterically I'm like a forensic
psychologist watching a Neil Breen movie
we're probably go into like a full-on
panic oh my god where is this man
scribbling notes seriously there's
photos of tuna cans up on his cardboard
so we can do it hence it's all please
the scariest part is is that it's
unfocused crazy illegal war violence the
abuse of the media system political
correct TV radio the internet you got
crazy right and the crazy says the
bank's right the banks are doing this
thing where they're manipulating the
economy right and then you don't invest
your money because the banks are Neal
Breen is like everyone every kind of
crazy yeah and any kind of specific
nature of humanity is bad and needs to
be erased with with a biological weapon
I don't know what Neil brings capable of
yeah that's a problem he's capable of
passed through and DoubleDown Lord knows
what else he can do
massive murder is just a step ahead I
think this is his first attempt the
suicide rates will go up 1,000% after I
release pastor well hopefully you know
his movies aren't competent so hopefully
he's like like world domination and mass
suicide plans are also incompetent I am
convinced he what he went to like the
store he bought seven or eight guns gave
them some homeless guys expected them to
instantly start the revolution but then
they just sold them at the pawn shops
they don't want guns episode of like
Pawn Stars where some homeless man
walked in with like a nice new gun I got
this from some guy in the desert he was
wearing it a jean jacket we had a lot of
hands all over it Jake this year a k47
was owned by Neal breed that give the
gun any extra value know that the value
they bring though these are from where I
come from now they'll believe you so
everybody Oh God all right so those
those were the movies we talked about
right but the time has come to pick the
best of the worst Jesus Mike
without doubt pass through a binomial
brain fantastic J is it even like it's
we might as well not even bother with
this part when we do any oh bring it
across
well then that leaves the other question
what we brought him in as an emergency
backup and he did not let us down no no
his he is an incredibly incompetent yeah
I I actually I enjoyed the first two
movies more than I think either of you
did I agree there they were a little
sluggish but they were they both had
their charms but I mean you know you
can't you can't beat Neil Breen okay so
then the final question is how are we
going to destroy silk know oh that's a
yes the first movie that we've ever
abandoned in the the most passive way
possible did you pick a best of the
worst
oh fucking dumbass I thought you might
have enjoyed DeForest Kelley's
performance in nightís I actually did he
gave it his all for a friend killer
everybody did what they could
yes everybody tried I don't be and that
was the problem
yeah I don't want to get down on Natalie
bus or zombie three actually the forest
kill is a classy guy yeah and I'm a
sucker for the shitty Italian movies
Omar no matter how bad they are they
always have kick-ass scores and this was
no exception
absolutely that score was emboss and
this I wanted to say that this DVD
actually came with the soundtrack I
bought you buy the soundtrack and I
guess you get a movie with it yeah yeah
wanted to I wish that neela brain would
include his library music I don't want
