Dec 12, 2018
Plinketto #7 - Prototype X29A, Quigley, Home Alone 4: Taking Back the House
youtube.com/watch?v=a_FURNuBeQg
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-plinketto-7
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1072947289927364611

hello rich Evans hello Mike and welcome
to another episode of best of the worst
pling keto perfectly normal edition of
plink kettle that's right
no gimmicks or tricks or special guests
well let's talk about the films that we
have on the board today white Oh
anyways our first film is Deathstalker 3
the warriors from hell
which is uh we have to have every
Deathstalker film on the panel until
they're all gone then plink Eddowes over
oh prototype which has a man with a gun
prototype what but oh it's got more x29
a that part is very important it is next
film is twin dragons encounter we found
this one before I never landed on it and
then we have a movie called war I don't
know anything about war I'm assuming
it's some kind of monster movie then we
have vibrations starring Christina
Applegate and James Marshall then we
have the player's choice spot which if a
ball lands on that the person rumble
gets to select whichever movie they want
to watch this is sort of
self-explanatory but thanks then we have
killing spree Tim Ritter's killing spree
sorry Oh Tim Ritter's killing spree
winter Reese the Evil Dead meets
Northern Exposure
want to see that you don't then we have
the instructor which is a karate kung-fu
martial arts movie apparently and we
have Quigley Quigley starring Gary Busey
and oz Perkins and a dog named Quigley
and finally called classic Abraxas
starring Jesse Ventura I've never seen
Abraxas
I haven't either okay alright I guess
you're gonna drop the ball you can use
shadow care yeah I'll grab the ball you
could take all the blame then this is a
great intro it's like we're low on
energy and talent you ready to drop the
ball rich I am what what are you hoping
for players choice to 9 a the movie we
know the least about oh my god alright I
have it a prototype x-29 a part man part
machine all killer original mankind
doesn't stand a chance
alright yes I love this costume that
looks great wonderful cheesy robot man
outfit I can't wait to see him moving it
alright Los Angeles
20:57 a lawless war-torn terrain where a
beautiful young woman Chandra and her
ex-lover a crippled soldier Hawkins
share vivid psychosexual dreams
what a brain research scientist Brenda
Swanson experiments in Hawkins he
becomes prototype a half-man
half-machine
robot the ultimate battle commences that
will determine whether mankind or
machines will survive
so people talking in a room and people
sitting in cars and a low-speed chase
where cars hit empty cardboard boxes and
in two minutes of footage in a man doing
this in a laboratory with beakers it's
smoke coming out of them it's gonna be
one of those movies forever who intends
man in a costume doing this is the
greatest threat to humanity and that's
fine all right
all right Josh okay aim for breakfast
all right all right Josh tell us more
quickly oh man
Quigley look at this look at this dog
it's gonna steal your heart or something
kooky hyper comedy from Focus on the
Family
you know that's good I know that and
hysterical adventure of madcap
entertainment the Dove Foundation
respected film reviewers the Dove
Foundation Gary Busey Lethal Weapon
Curtis Armstrong risky business
oz Perkins Legally Blonde and
Christopher Atkins the Blue Lagoon those
are all films no unifying theme they're
not at all except they're all in this
movie head up the cast's in this
fun-filled family adventure about second
chances
Archie Gary Busey is a billionaire who
has everything one could imagine except
for what is most important heart and a
conscience wealthy a heart of conscience
he wouldn't be a billionaire exactly
doesn't seem that important no on the
brink of making an announcement that
would forever change the lives of his
employees
Archie experiences a tragic accident and
that takes into the gates of heaven
Jesus Jesus dog mm-hmm it is decided
that he should be sent back to earth in
the form of an adorable Pomeranian not
Jesus dog Gary Busey dog who will find
Jesus short because he's a dog yep a
creature he despises even more than
people he hates people he really hates
dogs along with his guardian angel
Archie is sent on a heavily mission to
help the lives of those around him while
at the same time saving his own
approximately 90 minutes okay let's get
it over with
okay J it falls on you to salvage this
night now God you're asking the
impossible
all right J you can do it come on winter
beasts all right J what's your choice
got my choice right here home alone for
six taking back the house okay
so J has chosen to use his choice to
pick a movie and he didn't pick one on
the board yeah yeah no home alone taking
back the house I'm gonna read from the
back alright it's tough being 9 tell me
about Tupper still is spending Christmas
with your dad
chasin beige big beige it's a BB ghe I
could have picked a more exciting stage
name than they like just something it
just really beige decent read he's at
his new girlfriend Natalie Joanne goings
mansion even though it's loaded with all
sorts of techno gadgets any kid could
hope for but this Christmas Kevin
Michael Weinberg is in really hot water
again and so are Marv French Stewart
nice house and his sidekick missi pyle
doesn't get a name just just the actress
who are trying to rub Natalie's house
exclamation point
no no I don't want to rob it my robbery
days are over with funnier and more
high-tech crime stopping wizardry at his
disposal than ever Kevin must finally
put these crooks on ice forever and keep
his parents together while he's at it
this uplifting hilarious comedy for the
whole family issue
love so he's just going to kill them
this time I'd be done with that no
they're breaking up apparently he's got
he's got to keep them together I was
thinking he was just going to kill the
fees just to end his misery
no you to put them on ice forever so I
think yeah you know more death that's
what I'm saying
all right all right I think you wasted
your choice we'll find out let's go
watch holon 17 maybe so anyway was the
size of a golf ball oh and you know it
fit how did you get it out how'd you get
it in I still feel it
to be honest it's it's you know but at
the same time I think it was totally
worth it am i right rich oh yeah yeah
see okay it's just he was there right
yeah I mean the guard he brought the
garden hose there's not a lot to do in
Milwaukee yeah reaches into some weird
stir I lost my glove but yeah mm-hmm but
I'll find it I'll find it soon okay yeah
oh oh the cameras are out Jesus Christ
this always happened did we yeah we
should have slayed in first yeah we can
cut the us on this very special episode
of best of the worst
I'm Macaulay Culkin oh I guess we didn't
introduce you at the beginning
appreciate ya know give a shit to be
fair we don't give a shit about most
people oh yeah that's cool no it's I
find it refreshing yes yes mm-hmm so go
on you were saying I was saying we
dropped the plink hetoh ball we dropped
the ball in more ways than one
prototype x-29 a was my selection out of
the the other nine quality films on the
plane keto board and unfortunately it
was the first one that landed on mhm the
rebirth chamber yes there's no access
panel but it was rich that dropped the
ball you're the one who actually picked
since you dropped the ball
rich tell us all about don't worry I
have a movie specifically picked out for
you to talk about
yeah that's quickly I was gonna say yeah
alright prototype x29 A's movie that
takes place in the future and there are
cyborgs wait a minute if it's a
prototype why are there 29 versions
before X 29 they just can't get it right
the prototype is a robot with a human in
it that assassinates cyborgs in the
future and then 30 years in the future
of the future as people and they have an
apartment and then sometimes there a
house then they're at a bar then
sometimes people kick each eye and
they're just like this is one of those
horrible horrible movies the fucking
worst kind of movie would talk about is
the movie where like things keep
happening but nothing happens because
there is absolutely no structure there's
something oddly compelling about we're
just waiting for something to happen
this is like a weird anticipatory I
never felt like if something is not
gonna happen it's very it's very
very tantric just never really get to
release what we were just trying to
figure out what was happening for the
longest time yeah because there's like
the the wheelchair guy he's in like a
two-bit Wayne Hawk yes his name is Hogg
not a joke we came up with yeah that's a
turn-off the first day that fucking
noise well there was a plot to prototype
x-29 a it was an extremely inefficient
robot walks around and kills people that
are called omegas mm-hmm who apparently
have some kind of cybernetic device in
their brain they've got an XLR input in
the background yes there's a little
little flash drive it was me arrey after
the the apocalypse or whatever it was
probably a nuclear war
whatever member explain these omegas
were selected to to kind of re to like
reeducate them they were supposed to be
scholars and teachers and shaman yes and
somebody
talk faster and louder
the prototype walks around and slowly
shoots the Omegas but only in the first
20 minutes yes like big sideways it's
always like just doing warning shots
yeah kind of just looking and it's just
you know it's 20 57 at least the first
scene which by the way kato kaelin
hey Kaito what I think there was kato
kaelin
oh shit how could you tell that because
it looks like Kate okay little thing oh
yeah
Pino Kalin's in this movie how was
excited that was the most exciting thing
that happened basically he was and then
he dies five minutes later he really all
we thought you know Kaito we thought he
died when the prototype shot a missile
and blew up his uh his guest house and
accrues crashing at a guest house but at
that point that was the worst thing to
happen to kato kaelin and the prototype
then thinks it has killed all the omegas
but there's a little girl with a Raggedy
Ann doll mhm
who was smuggled away and to safety but
not before she makes out with her dead
father
oh go hang out would you did he's been
out here for a while
oh stop it
bindis oh yeah her father dies in the
computer lab and just just kisses him on
the mouth and listen
she's like four years old like well and
he's a corpse that's been sitting out in
the Sun for so I'm just wrapped up in
cloth and then just kisses them on the
mouth and you can see her like looking
off camera like - or like parents come
they're going hey do it again like right
on the mouth like it's it's you know
yeah this is a running thing to the
movies remember the the the portal
machine that you had to put your tongue
on budget a little bit freak your do
lube up we're gonna Lube it up before
you put it in your mouth add a second
what's the theme here I remember quickly
because Gary Busey was licking the
little girl's face so there's something
there there's no licking in home alone
there is a a wet French Stewart and it's
not a euphemism
it's no that's actually true we'll get
to that so the little girl grows up and
she is wearing a like an S&M; bra yeah
mostly looks like Madonna kind of yes
she has a Madonna thing and like they
have these like little like silver like
nipple clasp kind of things yeah
gorgeous yeah that's all you can scrape
together as was the style at the time
yeah she's got a kid brother an adopted
kid brother or you know kid brother by
name only
Sebastian Sebastian
Oh an arrow you're not a tray you proper
training story
there's dreadlock guy who doesn't say
anything but slowly beats people up
let's try to avoid having to punch a
robot doink
every time when the orchestra hits
that's so damn good soon the sax guy
from Lost Boys yeah that's nice
and then the movie meanders for the next
108 minutes
well it introduces us to all these
characters and then at like an hour into
the movie they all kind of meet up and
we're like oh they're meeting up but
then we were like why I think I'm just
gonna walk away
chatter yeah nothing means anything okay
our four main characters are together at
last I mean could you really call these
guys main characters these yeah not even
two seats sixty minutes into it but what
is everybody trying to do that's her
like like adopted younger brother and
she's been trying to find him I think
why do you try to kiss her like in a
good movie scene a would like lead into
CB this happens because this happens
which causes this to happen yeah yeah
this this is just a it's not even an
alphabet it's X - it's a prototype
why does everyone smoke shots everything
so spooky yeah Nikki and like a close-up
of the lips or something like you know
yeah yeah have you ever heard the term
you're beating a dead dog with a broken
stick no I've heard of your breathing at
that horse
that's a 2087 to a few old classic I
think they're trying to be artsy with
the like the sex machine
I like yes and there was also like the
dude one which it was just like that guy
was just gorgeous just changed the
camera and he said something just like I
watch you walk yeah like why do you name
a character coleslaw I was hungry okay
coleslaw when I was writing the script
hey so it's a he needs a last name I
don't know I'm writing up I'm writing a
science fiction dystopian artsy romance
story my main characters called hot
coleslaw we'd like to produce this films
but you can't apparently you can't move
this like it's very obvious how the
mobility is limited he's holding the gun
while shooting and he can't hold the gun
straight yeah
he protects why he kept on doing this
like this at the same time he can't turn
his head so he has to shoot like this
while looking forward and it's like
really awkward but let's again the
Batman movie is this the early Batman
movies he could know you'd like yeah
he's always doing this oh yeah it's all
the shoulder dress it's okay it took him
till Christmas Christopher Nolan was the
first one that Batman turned his head he
fucked up that always drove me fucking
nuts - and those Batman movies I was ok
where they gave him a particular way of
moving that was different than Bruce
Wayne was more theatrical I expect
Batman to be a fucking ninja and he's
doing this
good point rich a very good point along
the trolley all right on the trolley I'm
on the muck train
I know buzz beam do I just remember at
one point in the movie I was just like
everyone is even talking about trying to
catch up what it was I was just like
yeah that's we're done we're Donald
look at their legs up see guys in an
hour should just be in like hospital but
cut to IVs behind all this blood just
like cool again no I mean brain hurt II
look after this like it really did the
gate was it was a lot it was you know it
wasn't fun it wasn't fun fucking just I
know it was a rich tapestry of disaster
I know but we're only getting started
I don't want to talk about produce
I don't want great hurty yeah that's the
thing we can stop talking about these
movies whatever we want
yeah and we always just keep talking
about them yeah but we're gonna stop
right now J buzz you're gonna tell us
all about quickly oh okay quickly
quickly well click quickly is an old
favorite of ours this is the thing is we
kind of we kind of stacked the plinky
dough board with with quality selections
and and somebody put prototype on there
we needed an extra one and of course
that's the one we line it on ya know
Quigley is about Gary Busey he is a rich
businessman that hates dogs and then and
women and women like you can't trust men
you can't trust your friends and women
are like dogs they say why don't you
have a little laughing at that
what do fire escapes bulletproof vests
windshield wipers and laser printers
have in common
trick question nope all of those things
I just named were invented by women no
they weren't
hey hates dogs love's vicodin police
still can't believe that you're alive
oh yeah he so he at one point he's
driving down the road but he sees a
little Pomeranian dog in the middle of
the road and even though he hates dogs
and he should just run the fucker over
he twists the wheel and dies it's very
it's very dr. strange yeah even though
it looks like the same sort of hillside
road that dr. strange didn't place on
and why does he hate dogs can we talk
about the establishing scene oh that was
eight stars well well he works at the
biodome Starfleet headquarters our Fleet
headquarters she needed that job for
Mother's sake welcome to terrasphere
eight SAR feed command recreation
and yeah there's a dog it's nobody's dog
it's just a dog it's a big poodle yeah
it's just on the lawn of this business
mmm and it takes a big old crap is he
smash oh look next to it it's not it's
not on him at all nope and Gary Busey
runs up to it he slips on the grass next
to it but not on the x1 mph little dog
poo but then he falls back onto it this
is a family film yeah it is a movie
about family as we discuss starring Gary
Busey forces the kids look it look the
kids rich the kids love Gary Busey kids
love Gary - mr. Odgers and Gary Busey
do you have a problem with dogs yes they
call him scary abuse why is that man
keep having seizures what's he doing
he's drunk like Daddy he looks like how
daddy smells so Gary Busey dies in the
family film and he he ascends to the vac
rec room at a church
it's supposed to be heaven they got a
couch that they put a white sheet on and
that's heaven and I got all the scene
from prototype yeah lots of smoke it
just lingers over from one movie to the
next and and Gary Busey help decorate
the set yeah we learned from the
outtakes he was all about it we just
think he doesn't know what a sheet is
but Jesus again
that kind of covers the couch fine yeah
you know the strange thing is usually
when you see like a bigger name in like
a no budget movie they film like a scene
and then they're gone like the minute
he's gonna be a dog like all we're just
gonna get voiceover that's what I
thought it was gonna be - yeah but he's
in the entire fucking movie well in case
of this movie they just couldn't get rid
of him there's a young family man a very
good man what's the justification for
them turning him into a dog cause he's a
bad like person like he's always been
greedy yeah so at the end of the movie
they say you know in life you don't get
second chances which kind of contradicts
what happens with the entirety of the
movie I'll tell you why because this is
the this is the most subtle Christian
film we've ever done you cannot earn
your way into heaven by doing good deeds
artena the only way into heaven is by
faith and faith alone you're hardcore
Christian doesn't view good deeds as
meaning anything as far as getting into
heaven the only thing that matters is
believing in Jesus they gave you two
assignments and if you do them well I
suspect they might consider allowing you
through the gates you cannot earn your
way into heaven by doing good deeds
arguing but you still need to make cute
dog movie to get the kids to watch it
yeah so under if you see your vet first
now you gotta be a dog but then then we
get to the end of the movie nope we're
gonna tell you the truth and do you have
a problem with that I do have a problem
with Quigley's ending as well I found
the ending of Quigley quite substandard
and I did good
no no on that man's briefcase so you
have to burn in hell I take a gift for
pissing on stuff by okay so but yeah
he's he's teamed up with Oz Perkins
who's Anthony Perkins son I guess he's
kind of his guardian angel director of
the black coats tone director of one of
my favorite recent horror films the
Black Codes daughter don't you feel some
remorse or something
he said he quickly
I was Perkins throughout the movie every
scene he's wearing a different outfit
yeah he's like a referee in one scene
yeah I think the idea is is that he's
he's a angel or not human so he's just
he's gonna move to keep an eye on
morphing yeah his appearance and for
some reason he keeps falling on his face
another new outfit it's supposed to be
funny comedy comes in three sets three
don't do it again more than halfway
through the movie let's start doing this
gag this is gonna be Maureen yeah make
him fall in some mud yeah Gary Busey
asked why he's so muddy and wet he has a
weird line or he's like why somebody
that's usually how I like that's funny
why are you so many you wet maybe it was
to counterbalance all of Gary Busey's
falling down there was unintentional
Gary Busey wasn't supposed to start
every scene in all fours that was just
the dog subplot was supposed to be like
out like a man who's like
family after being greedy for somebody
it's a wonderful life
okay you can't stand up raise a dog and
and all the dog actions are explained
because the diagnosis had yeah like I'm
listening
dog goes through a file we got to
mention how cute the fucking dog is very
good yeah but but one time the dog
knocks the girl down from getting hit by
a car
oh yeah and then for no reason just a
little circle licking your face even
though that's Gary Busey yeah it's
supposed to be Gary Busey yeah I guess I
will give us some some leeway here yeah
it's a low-budget film they have been
working with the dog know that Lincoln
goes on for a while it's okay because
I'm a dog
you want me to embrace this oh we got to
talk about the famous chair sequence
mm-hmm
what even I don't even know what the
setup for that is what happened well
haven't well having sons in there cuz
he's got to do two tasks they won't tell
him I guess we got to set up why he's
doing this division so yeah so there are
multiple shots of this dog just pushing
a chair across oh my god it's amazing oh
no
yet multiple shots of this dog pushing
this chair and there's certain times you
can just straight up see like just the
edge of a hand it's like and the dog you
kind of just right and then it is the
most adorable thing I've maybe seen in
my entire life oh happy this is not a
good way for me to celebrate my 35th
birthday
yeah and then bugger this decides like
yeah that's what that's what boss would
have wanted and so everything works out
okay and he asks his assistant
Thunder underling out on a like on a
date he's her boss not appropriate and
she's receptive but at the same time you
know me too overly yes yes
she's a goddamn Amazon next to him look
he's got a good two feet up and then the
movie decides that it wants to get away
from all this so we go to a different
story altogether with the Gary Busey's
brothers his brother played by the great
yeah so now he has to try to help them
like you know again you look another
some thing once you get out of financial
peril but your video games are
sensational
and they're almost finished besides you
made a promise to me a long time ago
that you were gonna make video games for
kids even their parents would approve
his talents as brothers talents have
gone unrecognized as the creator of this
great video game this is like the worst
video game which is just who which the
dog plays the dog does play so that's
another movie gave up yeah yeah see some
fucking puppet arms seven clicking on
the mouse whatever let's get this shit
done do you think they'd grab that
little dog's head
I'm just I'm just picturing like like
five people holding I don't want any
more treats it's not worth it
the phrase we're gonna need another
Quigley just mentioned a lot on say it
save them some money with craft service
I was just about to say it's a Chinese
food there's some Chinese food in there
quickly stroganoff coleslaw oh so the
brothers dad is a big video game
designer on the side and so the worlds
collapse most UPS drivers are yes yes
he's a UPS driver he designs games for
like the Nintendo 64 somehow yeah that's
the controller right yeah well he was a
PlayStation PlayStation nation
controller a Nintendo 64 controllers got
that weird thing in the middle so Gary
Busey developed a taste for dog meat so
fucked up I claim I cut my own hair
I bought a flowy
oh my god
also Busey does look like he has a
Flowbee
like when he cuts his it looks like he
cuts his own hair oh yeah save a fortune
on him dresses on this production I'm
sorry I'm doing that wrong here save a
fortune it's a mystery
his hair is a fucking mess until the
very end when he's wearing the suit oh
he's reformed and whatever and he's like
made it no one else do I got to do and
it's nicely combed yeah so it was a
stylistic choice an artistic choice
sounds like his hair was symbolic of his
transformation he was a mess and then he
became the symbolism behind him falling
into a bush we have to replay that
footage in the edit and see what as
Perkins reaction is because it has to be
a moment of like oh fuck keep we'll keep
going it has to be right whereas Perkins
got the idea for black make a movie that
captures what I'm feeling at this exact
moment where Gary Busey falls into a
bush
something funny that was the best one
that was the one where he got back up oh
my god it's actually a hundred days of
shoot at you 1:00 p.m.
get it get Gary out get him in the bush
falls over he doesn't get back up trying
six months go by
you see crane he's completely limp you
see on a wire so he gives birth to a dog
at the end we find out yes impregnated a
dog during the course oh I guess see how
the climax of the movie is he steals the
video game takes it to the Starfleet
Academy and gives it to Curtis Armstrong
so everyone ends up in a room together
in a room together and his brother makes
a shitload of money yeah and then plenty
of boom mic - at the end there yeah yeah
no not the shot of Gary Busey
surprisingly it's like it's like they're
trying to get it right because they just
keep more I think they didn't use the
boon because say he'd just be like yeah
I just came out of a never any nightmare
he does in the the his first scene in
heaven to backtrack a little bit
he has a question I think was just a
genuine question on the set where he
didn't know what movie he was in or he's
like am i talking dog in this feeling
and I just put it in the film
am I talking God there was a couple of
like gasp scenes like that we're like
you weren't sure whether or not he knew
the camera was rolling or not yeah I
think he's just that great of an actor
like yeah yeah he convinced me convinced
me he didn't know where he was
let's take a walk Gary if we don't put
you back in there you wander away and we
can't find you Gary that's concrete like
the production this is the girl look
like
good boy Gary that's concrete you can't
dig out sure wait I'm a dog the credits
were assistant to mr. Busey of people
like the end of like a Marvel Avengers
movie max people but it's just people
pulling Gary Busey out of bushes doctor
yeah that's Quigley that's if you think
we nailed it guys
that was a dumb thing to say I'll do it
no I'm kidding I'll do it
of course I'm gonna do it yeah I think I
think you should okay I don't know why
but I think you should well it's because
it's home alone for taking back the
house and it should be pointed out
that's not even the last home alone Phil
no yeah five in 2012 which I had never
heard of either look at young Kevin
McCallister
oh yeah they do say Kevin McCallister
and as his parents have the same name as
the parents in the original yeah yeah
yeah there's a buzz and all that kind of
stuff I mean you know in a way his name
is bond yes
so after the failure that was home alone
three they decided to go back to this
back to basics go right back to French
Stewart everything French Stewart and uh
Johnson do actors that look nothing like
the people from the original film
there's no relationship to atonally but
this this gets back to the roots and it
kind of confuses some
the stuff from the home alone movies
with some of the Richie Rich kind of
stuff because it's he ends up kind of
going to his new is his father's new
girlfriend cuz okay by the way the
parents whether amber audience I'm sorry
but the parents in home alone
yeah they got divorced that's canonical
that is canon they also lost a few
children along yeah they had numerous
home alone situations with various
children you know they never saw him
again
and also Kevin he's like younger in this
than he is in the originals so I'm
pretty sure they lost him again again
and then who's got a replacement Kevin
yeah looking I think it's found a kid in
an airport yeah this is Kevin close
enough yeah look at me you should have
just brought you back live on your own
throw a party
nobody was real tired see they split up
and so he decides that he wants to spend
Christmas with his father and his new
girlfriend who's incredibly wealthy has
a butler a maid and you know in a house
that has all kinds of gadgets it's all
waiting for you even though you
surprised us the curtains closed on
their own oh yeah it's like they just a
door open into a remote and the door
opens you imagine that kind of tech
right I want a computer to open my door
I couldn't imagine life where I didn't
have to like pull a remote control out
of my pocket and say open door and then
wait for the slow door opening mechanism
to open we're walking through and having
to say okay closed door I mean well no
first the device has to wake up and then
it has to connect to the Wi-Fi
thankfully you don't have to do this
anymore a lot of empty space which is
like it plenty of yeah it's like you
said like plenty of times we play a room
for pratfall you sit around as much as
you would think it seemed to promise
more more technological gadgets and
gizmos of defeating the bad guys yeah
because the first one the first home
alone film is more like you know
swinging paint cans and you know stuff
on the floor no chattering oh yeah the
kid would come up with Micro Machines
they T is a drone which I don't believe
is ever you know it is he Rams it into
Murph squad as it wanted to be it's it's
it's awful it just hits him in the
crotch how dare this TV movie of the
week and not not live up to my expertise
for a fourth home alone film
Jerry oh yeah a lot of French Stewart
mugging to the camera well that's the
weird thing is he's playing Marv he's
playing the Daniel Stern care but he's
dressing like Pesci he's dressed like
Joe Pesci she's dressed at the fish and
I don't know if his accent is supposed
to be like Chicago or New York it's all
over the place over the place
all right coast is clear let's go wait
are you sure it's safe
pumpkin what I think you in there who
wouldn't say no he's trying to do a New
York accent
so he's due in Chicago what do you think
fear we're just gonna go in there
tomorrow and start grabbing kids yeah Oh
Griffin Kimmy a beard everyone's would
you yeah yeah I don't know why French
Stewart hasn't caught on yeah bigger
than he has mm-hmm yeah it's it's it's I
don't get it it's been a while since
I've seen him I think the last time I
saw him Jimmy Fallon was playing him in
celebrity jeopardy on SNL from third
Rock from the Sun French Stewart in
second place with negative $17,000 I'm a
late bloomer Alex and in double jeopardy
I'm gonna blow when Jimmy Fallon's
making fun of you he oh look he had the
big tree lighting outside the Christmas
tree lighting and and have you have you
ever seen the Christmas tree lighting
are you familiar with my work and the
kid he went on to he works at the subway
dumb street hey there's nothing wrong
with working in a subway just because
you were in home alone
one chunk there's so much damage and the
time it took me to know it is gonna be
the main because it's too obvious that
I'll be him yeah it's gonna be like the
old man yeah
yes he's old man Marley yeah were you
going and the idea that like the missi
pyle and French Stewart like they show
up to try well no there was a prince
there's a prince coming apparently yeah
so I don't know why they tried to break
into the house multiple times before the
because they want to kidnap the Prince
yeah
but they just keep trying to break into
the house bro reason door open you
better start laughing
this is comedy fucking fucking gold John
use created these characters alright
you're disrespecting mr. John Hughes
every time there's a joke I'm gonna look
at you right in point
I'm not gonna get upset at a home alone
film for having cartoony physics
cuz that's kind of the point I mean I
think I think part of the fun of like
the some of the earlier kind of things
some of the better entries
if you will is that like yes no it was
it like I mean yes it's kind of like
wacky hijinx or at the same time like
it's an ale going through a foot you
know I mean like it it does feel like
yeah it does feel like kind of
officially do get like bruised and
battered like it when Kevin's throwing
down the bricks and hitting them in the
fucking head it's realistic and weird
but then Marv turns into a skeleton
yes yes what he's electrocuted yep yeah
yeah that's a little card that wasn't my
choice against my phone I shoot the nail
I talked to Chris Columbus every day I'm
like I sure love disgusting thing I want
to do something a little more realist
yeah
just want something more grounded I
think home alone 2 needs to get like
more downed oh yeah yeah can he just
have smoke come out of his ears yeah
just just so the realist this is hair
going up you know yeah oh a TV series
yeah
should we set that up like a nerd
discussion sure so what did you hear
about this oh you know I am I
interesting facts about this film that
I've known for a very long time is that
this was actually shot is sort of
intended to be a pilot for a TV show and
so all these actors were kind of signed
on if this was successful it would
become a TV show I knew that one already
exactly well there's three episodes in
this movie alone Marv shows up
yeah the mark shows up again I guess he
doesn't need to be home alone because
he's never home alone in this and
there's not a lot of like clever traps
or anything like that look yeah and I
think that's kind of like the fun of it
and not a lot of technology stuff which
is what you were saying earlier yeah
you'd expect like a lot of these like
qsr gadgets to like pay off these James
Bond II kind of like yeah like he dealt
he does at one point though he does
castrate French Stewart with a grappling
hook yeah
door opens right yeah so uh so this is
this is an amazing franchise just as you
know taking a taking a step back from
the house yeah yeah what is that
subtitle me taking back the house mm-hmm
they watch me they look they loving the
wine cellar and the wine cellar in they
have to take the house back and we were
talking about it okay like Oh like how
would like the home alone movies
wouldn't really work without like you
know like modern because it's cell
phones and so forth and so they're like
trapped down there and about like five
minutes in the scene like the butler
goes goes oh here's a cell phone dude
yeah you call your parents
yeah and he calls his brother twice yeah
he doesn't call nine-one-one even better
it was the adult that had the phone the
whole time let me hand this to this
nine-year-old he'll know what to do with
this he's control I'm a mere butler
Kevin didn't call the cops cuz he's
really just out for blood
yeah he's really a sadist yeah tougher
revenge yeah no I think he just likes
hurting feet Oh
maximum speed
it's a it's a symbiotic relationship
right
he needs Marvin Martin needs him steal
and Joe Pesci's left to go have his own
rap career right in stealin don't kill
without feeling yes yes Marv secretly
into masochism okay all right yeah he
loves getting his genitals mutilated
coming back for more a grappling hook is
it just pain in general or specifically
is groin my breathing general yes I
think I think the answer is both of
those is yes the scary part is its pain
inflicted by a nine-year-old boy oh
that's an important factor it's not just
pain just the detail okay that's vital
that's we need each other
a nine year old that a year prior was a
ten year old
yeah he's got Benjamin Button syndrome
eventually he'll be like an infant me
smack it smack and Marvin the dick with
a like a rattle yeah throwing a bottle
at my crotch this yeah this movie needs
more Busey you should've played the kid
Gary Busey is Kevin McAllister you look
at my future right here
in front of the mirror what a ham
so fellas yeah yeah chaps yes which one
of these is the best of the worst we
have prototype xx 29a we uh who got
Quigley coming home alone for what
bizarre selection of movies this this
time more so than usual so let's go with
the rich has to be Quigley home alone
yeah home alone home alone okay good
choice
oh I was gonna say Quigley not for best
of the worst
nah it was gonna go with home alone
taking back the house of course yeah
good choice you have a really good taste
thank you Mike
my choice is I'm sorry
prototype X 29 okay okay you can live
with that I'm picking Quigley that she's
hilarious what what is what truly though
what is the best of the worst Oh Quigley
I think is I think I'm pretty sure we
had the most fun with that home alone
for is only funny if you watch it with
Macaulay
you want to watch home alone with
Macaulay Culkin don't you I still watch
it over prototype that was a this is a
sloth that was a slog that's that's we
get to the question do we want to
destroy any of these films
oh well oh oh yeah I'd be okay with the
storing come along taking back what the
fuck is wrong with you I would urge
everyone to order your own copies of
course yes so everyone can destroy their
coverage yeah if you pay for it you know
you could do whatever you want with it
the costume is great but I would destroy
prototype okay I think for for just the
general kind of thing yes prototype was
yes this actually deserves to be killed
yeah but I mean I am here how do we
smash both of them they smash both of
them yeah well you know yeah when a
squiggly gets a pass it's yeah I
recommend it but yes so does anyone have
a paint can that's all you know how to
do isn't it you know what Rob don't
think it you know what it's working this
way okay we're gonna destroy two tapes
pull the load style we've got a paint
can on a rope and we've got Kevin
McAllister armed and ready to go
all right Mac you still got it you know
it that was great
all right let's see if you can go two
for two
time for the money shot ready okay still
got it
oh hi by the way
I'm Shawn I work at bunnyears comm is he
