Feb 21, 2019
Wheel of the Worst #18
youtube.com/watch?v=FT5D7rJ8TPQ
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-18
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1098601183160209408

Narrator: It has tortured us for years. Randomly selecting terrible videos that are painful to watch, leaving only the most disturbing nightmares and scarring the mind for life. Many have tried to destroy it, but true evil never dies. It is only reborn. It's now time to spin the Wheel of the Worst. I mean, Misfortune.
Mike: Hey, Josh!
Josh: Uh...
Mike: What are you looking at?
Josh: Uh, nothing.
Mike: So we're gonna do
another wheel episode yeah we're here we
got 12 videos on the wheel and it's it's
it's gonna be an exciting day a
memorable day what were you looking at
before let's talk about what's on the
wheel today first up rent a friend I
think we've had this on the wheel before
I remember the quote Oprah Winfrey
unbelievable
like the context not there it's not
believable
it sounds angry yeah like she's mad that
someone made this like a prank has been
pulled on her white yeah but available
for the first time since 1987 this is
this is reminiscent of the instant
during boyfriend vide video something
really pathetic
what's next Josh Oh next up is run
through the warehouse by myzel or diesel
and Cisco we might know Cisco as a
provider of terrible food's terrible
generic foods to many there's a rapper
that's true maybe he's a rapper who
provides terrible local had music well
this this is entitled run through the
warehouse which for me just has run
through the jungle by Creedence
Clearwater Revival going through my head
oh okay are they related we'll never
know so this is now available for the
first time since 1986 very different wow
I wonder if the next video is going to
be available for the first time since
1985 we'll see what
experience the freedom of the naturist
lifestyle do you have - mm-hmm is that a
question or a demand it seems like a
statement a natural naturist lifestyle
certainly sounds like a nudist colony to
me it certainly does I'm disturbed to
note that it's out of Ashe Kosh
Wisconsin Oh God
I don't recall any nudists around
Oshkosh in my time there but certainly
not during the polar vortex Josh Oh
next up is law enforcement guide to
satanic cults officer training purposes
only we know how well that goes
unauthorized viewers may be subject to
prosecution under penalty of law Oh so
once again we will not be allowed to
watch this video it's really too bad
well we probably shouldn't put it in our
Internet video that will be seen by
hundreds of thousands people now I guess
we're gonna do it anyway we've tried
before and we're still here it's one of
the benefits of being in a satanic cult
preventing disaster at the crossing I'll
see you at the crossroads and there's a
there's a faint school bus in the
background so they mean like a train
crossing maybe or like a you're in the
you're in a car with tinted windows
oh the school bus is coming at you yeah
and next up we have chickens gone wild
chickens gone wild as Best Featured not
Animal Planet and Ripley's Believe It or
Not not I don't yeah it looks like he
hired a professional photographer though
for his cover we've got the back job
happening here and Jill good job yeah oh
god what happened
Jesus well this looks like the sticker
yeah oh no maybe he lives in like
Phoenix or to Las Vegas or something he
left it out in his car
maybe or a chicken was God at it
orgasmic birth the best-kept secret oh
my God look at all the awards Ward
winner yeah when are the 2008
mother-baby International Film Festival
it was the only entrance to the woodsy
Film Festival and the Czech Republic I
think they took it a different way very
hard festival to get into oh yeah
Portugal yeah this is some serious
business a documentary that examines the
intimate nature of birth and the
powerful role it plays in the in women's
lives when they are permitted to
experience it fully is this is this
having an orgasm while you give birth is
that I can't believe so it's pretty
clear but I think that's what they're
going yeah yeah and maybe how to I don't
know I don't next up is creating REM
Lazar every child has a REM Lazar blue
REM Lazar just sounds like an anagram
I'm just saying it does it means
something sickening it's like a like a
like a George Lucas name just just took
a normal word and just trying to change
it a little bit
if this this this we have a lot to say
about the front cover oh yeah how to
sell thousands of dollars worth of
plants from your home comma even if your
house is surrounded by huge discount
stores and home-improvement stores
no period but a comma but the sentence
continues to this gentleman with lots of
dollar bills on top of his couch now I
have a question for you this someone has
written in crayon 37 huh huh so is is
that a late like alteration how to sell
37,000 exactly 37 thousands no more no
less I've run out for the Xerox machine
this looks like crazy man made it man
yeah wonderful see though there's the
this on the spine there's a cut down how
to solve thousands of dollars worth of
plants from home oh okay that's it
alternate title yeah he wants me but he
really wanted to get everything you
needed to say on the front cover I
respect that yeah Oh our next video is
to have and to hold
humorous glimpses at the ties that bind
and sometimes not cannot paul and nicole
johnson bring home the truth about
relationships in a way that is gripping
humorous and insightful says Gary
Smalley best-selling author hand speaker
how to have fun with billy-bob teeth I
saw it on TV
best-selling tape hmm I was gonna say
best-selling tape in West Virginia no
they don't have VCRs there and they
already know how to have fun with
billy-bob teeth
it's just daily life video about that
I feel like if we watch this video we're
gonna all be looking like this lady on
the front cover yeah with the caption
says question marks next question marks
Oh next Plus Billy Bob boogie music
video oh that's not gonna go on okay a
time filler three thumbs up has a
five-star rating from someone how to
play to win blackjack learn smart money
management learn when to hit stand split
double down use insurance learn the
terms break bust push to burn card hard
hand soft hands layout design a burden
I'm not joking Ciara design a burden
they burden that's what it actually says
I get I can tell it was a burden but I
mean they kind of had him do it because
at least this is like black text on a
white background
clearly this is this is a burden it's a
bird read yeah it was a burden to make
it a burden to read and thanks a lot you
spit in her mind I don't know let's do
rock paper scissors okay Sreenu best of
three or just one time if we had it
first time we the first time otherwise
we do best our three okay okay mm-hmm
one two three
you got it shit cuz I did or did not
want to spin it I don't know it's hard
to tell I don't know you got it here I
go you won I guess you spin or is the
winner knots get to spin we clarify
that's a fair point we made a decision
that I'm spinning the wheel okay and
that's the end of that you won you get
to choose either don't say win I died oh
I didn't win punishment did you get all
the blame when you land on the new
discoveries we all have to like like
kind of block out riches erection no god
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna go get a
drink for 12 minutes we'll be fine
orgasmic birth it's a boner during that
it's gonna be even weirder and that
could be hours long you're gonna take
the blame oh yeah goes is we're gonna
call you mr. scissors from now on okay
spin that wheel Josh all right here we
go hey-oh we're gonna learn about some
satanic cults today well it's a good
thing we're all officers in training it
leads us to believe that some sort of
rituals are taking place however unless
we catch them actually breaking the law
or find evidence that leads directly to
participants in some illegal activity we
have no case
so we have no case against people
breaking the law if they don't break the
law it's very insightful and and and
it's phrased in a way that that's a
shame one is the pagan or a cultic
community and the other community is of
course the homosexual community
interestingly enough they go hand in
hand but here's the thing to know just
like in the Satan worshipers okay so I
had to come out and stand here so you
can spin the wheel I want to see the
look on your face when we land on the
orgasmic birth video and we're gonna
have a facial expression expert from the
FBI determine whether or not it's
pleasure here we go
oh dear God its own school bus accident
oh god this is this is not what I was
hoping for
Oh Oh in the bus scam your housing in
the rear of the bus but a front impact
the lateral forces were so this was the
cameras last shot showing seats being
hurled about as you look at this think
about what would have happened had there
been children in these seats or I cannot
run the kid I'm jumping out the back of
that bus they're not moving Oh God
okay Jay put us out of our misery god
damn it
let's find out about our red lazarre's
oh it's a oh it's a yep
enjoy
whoa geez never ever ever seen don't hug
me I'm scared
uh-huh reminds me of that
I'm just a poor man
loves me oh no I fell into the river
Mia's run blows our beelzebub check for
symbols in the Forest Preserve I don't
practice Santeria
I just worship the first tape that we're
gonna rush through to get the run Lazar
a satanic cult training video Josh an
occult training video it's 73 minutes of
bullshit that they made up about
Satanism because they took a look at the
front of the Satanic Bible by Anton
LaVey like this guy wrote a book and
then they put some upside-down crosses
on trees no video really did not do that
the reason why this pentacle would not
be considered satanic is because it has
one point up now Satanists would reverse
no it is definitely not happenstance
that the second this man wanders into
this park there's a pentagram
on a tree and it's not even the right
way up for doing for Satanists it's
upside down well he points that out and
we were like oh when they went to film
this they drew that on the on the tree
and they fucked up someone got fired
over that blow oh yeah there's the
inverted cross now this is satanic made
with the same spray-paint fan and that
one wasn't made by a Satanist but this
one is well it's actually fairly fresh
to what the main thing is that we'll
first off we start off with the cop
slash pastor who's wearing a sweater and
one of a series of Cosby sweaters and
then we cut two gentlemen with a blonde
mullet Eric Pryor is a former satanic
high priest turned Christian who now
spends his time educating people about
but darkside is quite a change in
careers I don't want a blunt moment
anymore I wanna brown mullet he went
from a satanic high priest to a Catholic
priest apparently it's all totally
legitimate absolutely there is nothing
fraudulent didn't this video there's two
different communities that use this park
one is the pagan or a cultic community
and the other community is of course the
homosexual community interestingly
enough they go hand in hand so they have
to go outside to do their rituals and
also homosexuals that minor little
mention to put to connect Satanists and
homosexuals in your Bryant in your brain
that's a agenda
well the precursor to that is the the
hosts of the video the Wilford Brimley
looking guy yeah is is a pastor slash
police officer yes so once you see
pastor and then he comes in and the
other guy goes I'm a former Satan
worshiper who's now a Catholic priest
when deviants like Satan worshippers
come into the woods also homosexuals
come into the woods and do that and you
know what you know like this angle and
isn't that a strange crossover and then
they just move on you know what's
interesting here is the number nine nine
represents the nine satanic statements
this is a way cultists tell each other
hey we're Satanists and we're partying
they actually go through the nine
satanic blood points and they're all
completely sane and reasonable agreeing
with those points number four Satan
represents kindness to those who deserve
it instead of love wasted on England's
what is the problem
Satan represents vengeance instead of
you know I'm on the fence about whether
or not this this is for a legitimate
informational purpose because it it gets
very very detailed and it doesn't have a
religious agenda which it seems like it
would in the first five minutes right
and it wasn't like okay yeah turn to the
Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
you know lovable right it was like watch
for these weird things because they
could be connected to actual satanic
worship but the main message they're
very informational but that's where my
biggest problem comes in it's like we're
initially put into this park with this
guy and everything's obviously mocked up
like and it's there's no cop that's
gonna walk into a park and see boom boom
boom boom boom and so that's that's
where I start like that seems like I
agree that if that's a fluff that they
should have had full disclosure that
their their their Satan worshipping high
priestess turned Catholic priest was
fake examples big dent and the
credibility of the video exactly okay we
have a rope here this is a this is a
noose and actually if you look at it
closely I don't know if the camera can
pick this up but there's blood so you're
touching see what we have here is a
medicine bottle of two percent xylocaine
it's it's used to numb people and for
that matter animals he happened to find
the little vial of lidocaine which you
inject into your your your cat or your
lady who's going to scream when you
torture her to death yeah
I'm sorry a little vial of lidocaine is
it going to numb a full-grown person
yeah I believe I believe Dremel Azhar
was more real than the priests
what is this more real uh Ram Lazar was
more real rebels are Israel oh let's
just don't
does he come on you and your dreams I
mean come Mike we're getting there we're
getting here don't worry about it those
are
coming I just want to point out more
czars coming my purposes coming prepare
yourself
when I was seven what was RK mañana came
to me and he said the same thing Rams
coming
Oh what are we doing that there's we did
Drucker but it's for educational
purposes and so those would be some of
the head markings that would look the
same this video wasn't completely
worthless
I did learn that Satanists love anal
calendar for when anal is and isn't
acceptable
there's a very specific layout spoilers
most of the time it's acceptable
Satanists celebrate a host of rituals
and ceremonies during the course of each
year a sexual type of ritual anal a
celebration of orgies including a anal
anal anal anal anal entails anal this
Americana calendar when anal isn't
accepted it would be shortened
this is the December 1st through the
third picture gender anal oral and Majan
allure geez that also include bestiality
with any age for sex devotees picture
your whole your age a girl December 4
through the 13th acceptable genders
acceptable and we move on to the next
and we you know that's to be fair like
even though there were these
delineations between the holidays they
all kind of had same they were just with
anal holiday yeah anal anal anal what
happens if what happens if you do anal
at a time that is not delineated it's
real pissed okay
he sends you to heaven anal anal anal
they would dismember bodies sound like a
witch like a Halloween witch yeah that's
probably a drawing she made as a kid no
she's blacked out isn't to hide her
identity that's because it's an actress
oh she met Satan here's all the magic
that's in this video J number one that
someone got $12 for it number two this
perfect coffee stain that's it
work of art inside a clamshell yeah how
did this happen
let's open it up okay let's uh let's
explore here okay well first of all look
at this amazing label that's that's that
okay yeah yeah yeah that's the clue
confidential naked ghost video naked
ghost video we also have a DVD release
of this and it's by a difference its
production it's not naked ghost video
its gun something yeah gun me it was
probably a real police training video
that that was not copy written or there
is no way this is a real police training
video J yes while you have that out yeah
check it ooh I'm gonna say it's printed
cuz look at look at this look at those
the from this is this is bullshit oh it
is yep that's a fuck up yeah look at
this look at this right here look look
even maybe that's part of the naked
ghost video logo is a giant copy this is
Bob he's dead see I had a theory that
these were handmade well the DVD release
has a UPC on it does it has a barcode so
what if this is like something that
somebody made this is like a bootleg of
the DVD oh the other way yeah anyone
thought about that yeah but that happens
people like make bootleg cassettes and
put them on Discogs sure this is totally
yeah this is tonight yeah my first
thought was okay this is like like a
eight and a half by 11 sheet of white
paper yeah and someone someone was like
doing ten of em and then it's like a per
but you can see you can see that there's
parts are the that is a printed copy
stamp in ink jet jet Lions yeah well you
can tell you can see the pixels yeah
I'll get it up close it is not a real
coffee so another thing that is
oftentimes done in ritualistic homicides
is a penis is placed inside the mouth of
the deceased person
you
well we rush through our first VHS yeah
fuck that
now we're gonna rush through our second
video of the night perfect disaster at
the crossing Mike explained preventing
crossing at the disaster well this this
this is a video it's one of the most
competent videos of the night a most
effective yeah
it's about if you're a school bus driver
of the do's and don'ts of when you're at
a railroad crossing to have your bus
filled with children other people's
children yes not yet fuckin hit by a
train very because in Greeley Colorado
the famous band Greeley estate named
their band Greeley Colorado in 1961 a
bus got hit by a train sadly and twenty
children died yes and really they were
like shit we got to tell bus drivers to
watch out for train yes apparently that
was not common sense at the time no and
then the video goes through they do a
little recreation which is very that was
cool they had an empty school bus kinda
on the tracks and they hit it with the
Train
they really did it yeah oh they hit a
bus with the train in this video and
they're like everybody a train weighs
six million tons it's this giant hunk of
Steel that cannot be stopped especially
by a bus watch out get the fuck out of
the bus this thing weighs 50,000 tons of
if it hits your guards gonna obliterate
it it's a train and then it's it's it's
very important information for a very
specific group of people this is a very
targeted DVD are not the target audience
for this movie the average person is not
the target audience so unless you drive
a school bus yes but I get your kids out
of the bus huh go that way you're not
yeah not the other way to the safe area
because when that train hits the bus is
gonna crunch could fling the bus and hit
all the kids yes you know the train's
coming this way go this way over there
depending on the right angle well the
bus driver has to sit there and do
mathematical calculations like when it
hits the bus it's gonna go this way I
think what they should really do is just
run the fuck and never stop that's very
run just run fuck the safe zone yeah
just keep walking go to the point and be
like okay we're safe right no just run
then you got a bunch of kids and like
run into the woods nobody could find any
of the kids that's when that's when they
they leave up with rebels I remember
thinking run Lazar get some back home
safe well there's just an occult no
there's no satanic cults out there
they're waiting in the woods with like
burlap sacks no my train tracks painting
fucking upside down pentagrams on trees
not Satanists out there there's people
making a police training video out there
doing graffiti on like Satan is simple
yeah and then they got a silence the
kids nobody can find out making fake
satanic symbols so the children are
saved from the police by Ram Lazar yes
yeah it all goes back to rebel always
you save kids in the woods it definitely
doesn't molest or are the woods filled
with Catholic priests just waiting for
kids to run
rolling out of the bus come into the
arms of the law they can't look priest
they actually put like a spike strip in
front of the railroad tracks
a lot happens in the woods on best of
the worst it's true a lot happen but
could be big there could be Bigfoot that
are aliens it's almost like it's a place
you don't need a permit to shoot it oh
right
I want to talk about the staging because
they staged a train school bus accident
yeah they have the Train kind of lob
some tracks clearly an empty school bus
yeah and the train hits it and they they
have a camera inside a VHS camera inside
some kind of steel rig that immediately
fails yeah they're like okay isn't that
cool and then they have they had they
were they were there was a local news
crew yeah sometimes be it because of
lack of good training simple
forgetfulness or who knows what reasons
scenes like this one this wasn't staged
an Oklahoma City television crew
producing a series on highway rail
crossing safety witnessed this driver go
right through a highway rail crossing
day like the first video mm not to go
back to it but the first video had a
very dark chapter about abuse of
children yeah and then they had a
segment in this oh yeah where they
talked about a real-life incident yeah
how they interviewed the pea mother of
one of the victim Boyle who viewed one
of the survivors so it was it was a
double downer
the real-life tragedy that could happen
when a school bus filled with children
gets hit by a train yeah okay just skip
these and go right to REM Lazar where
it's only implied that he's molesting
the children goddamnit the power of REM
Lazar is such that we can watch video
about children children getting hit with
a train and then like like 15 minutes
later we can be feeling wonderful joy
yes yes at first when we say
right on the railroad track and that's
one that was already gone
and then we found Bruce and it had drawn
him from the track there over to the
road
rumbles are saved the night and rich you
need to explain to us what creating run
Lazar is I'm still not sure when
creating the blue bar is the entire time
oh my god Ram RAM Bazaar is a
fascinating musical
little boy and this little girl go to
the school and they have the same
imaginary friend Zack I've just about
had it with your daydreaming in class oh
and I will hear no more stories about
your imaginary world when you're in my
classroom this is the only world there
is listen to Dana Barrett
it's a weird school where there's
nothing on the walls and the boy gets
sent to the principal's office and it
just hurts for having imagination how
dare you yeah
he makes his way to the principal's
office singing while a shadowy figure
hides in the fog behind it like it
follows yeah fucking creepy
the way the kids walking to oh I mean
he's got this dead look in his eyes it
looks like this he's walking like his
neck is broken
and none of the adults like imagination
in any way shape or form no it's very
it's a very anti snuffleupagus kind of
kind of world we're living in here
the boys teacher hates imagination the
principal hates imagination we're going
to have to do with what we're going to
have to do with you fuck you
principal Asad yeah the boy goes in the
principal's office like do you have any
children do you have any kids
I like to think that all the students in
this school are my children
and he's clearly got a picture of his
kids on his desk he doesn't want to talk
about them back in 61 and Greeley
Colorado train carrying corn syrup
little Timmy would be 42 years old today
my nickname for him was REM Lazar the
children say these can sometimes still
see him in the hallways he had blue hair
due to a weird genetic the train that
hit them was carrying blue dye see this
all makes sense because then the little
girl sees rum Lazar too and there's that
scene with the two kids in the classroom
were like we're seeing this we are
having the same person in our dreams
yeah and it feels like it's right out of
Nightmare on Elm Street
just always there whenever I needed him
yeah me too
Nancy you dreamed about the same night
you're having dreams about the same
person it's the child of the principle
that your kid died in a bus yeah and all
the all the fucking missing persons are
turning their heads all connected and
the principal picks up his coffee cup
and there's this coffee stain oh yeah
good night sweetheart
I don't enjoy having to punish you I do
it because I love you what are you there
for ever imagine Area
okay like that it doesn't quite line up
yeah oh god don't go there don't no not
down there Oh Oh God
okay answer okay whoa all right oh no
I'm psych yeah so far all he's done is
stalk someone in a hallway and watch a
little girl sleep you're being a cynic
Jay this is magical discovering their
imagination
to
this is hurting my brain like like
trying to figure out what it is can we
just talk about the fact that they go to
a deserted barn and they suddenly have a
mannequin with them where did this thing
come from they have to recreate their
imaginary friend it's the most logical
thing to do once you learned you share
an imaginary friend you have to go to
the daniel barn
an abandoned barn in the woods it wasn't
creepy at all
careful God
but there's a problem he comes in life
magically he comes to life but he
doesn't have his magic medallion that
will bring him to life in order to I
guess make him come come more girls a
pair of that they need to find the
chaotic medallion
quixotic they need to find the quixotic
medallion that's the question that makes
them come more thank you that makes them
come more to life yes already come to
life if they don't find that medallion
before sunset Reb Lazar will never come
okay so they need to find the medallion
which has been stolen by that thing from
Power Rangers yeah
oh and Anton LaVey octopus
and it's somewhere up high it's always
yes yeah and then he has the little kids
he's like what's the highest point you
could imagine and they're low girls like
oh what mountain and that kids like the
moon the highest place you can imagine
is the top of the World Trade Center
medallion we'll be there on September
1st the morning of September 11 you have
to be there to get the medallion the
Empire State Building my dad showed me
is much taller God holy shit how the
fuck did you call in it was so real
rich did he write
it's there they're rich I know I'm just
saying REM Lazar is behind 9/11 oh
that's all I'm saying
Oh Reb Lazar melt steel beams with the
power of imagination the power of
imagination brought down the top I mean
I guess it's true the key otic
medallions for 9/11 was a rum Lazar job
no creating ramblas are destroying the
World Trade Center Oh No street gangs do
uppers New York's toughest so what
happens after they walk up to the world
treats in there they walk away they find
people singing doo-wop in the park
yeah we've kind of we kind of skimmed
over the songs yeah they're all terrible
and they're the singing is awful no we
shouldn't skim over them because they
happen so often yeah every couple
minutes there's another new song
Oh
the musical journey through Central Park
goes from doo-wop to hip hop hip hop rap
- and I was thinking in my brain as we
were watching that they're going to do
classical next oh wait that's too
obvious gotta get right into some others
out yeah do what meets hiphop meets
classical because that's the next
progression of like extreme genres yeah
all on the way to 911 how did she get
there it was is there maybe he was Satan
then you come by and you challenge him
to like a fiddle duel oh but there's
nothing central tourists
he can also the devil can also challenge
people in Central Park a few watts
it happened in Jordan you know we don't
that video that Satan is loved the part
no the devil wind up Georgia yes it's
literally it's in the lyrics and that is
a historical document that I hate is
contagious and you're catching it
Richard no your video totally wrote this
all you have to do to make somebody that
you think is your enemy your friend is
to say you are my friends my friends I'm
sorry for the problems I have cause I
only wish I could invest them
I tried that once through a boolean
elementary school and he beat the shit
out of me so we're we're talking about
the let's reach our back where I belong
yeah in the dumpster
Mike that's a really nice shirt Thank
You Jerry yeah I guess but so so they
learned a lesson where they learn to
make friends with our enemy but it
didn't help the middle or anything yeah
so then they just moved but still had to
find the highest place they could
imagine which it turns out it's just
love it's just love
they're ready to drink that kool-aid and
it was a whole the whole thing was a
dream sequence and the two of them were
in that weird abandoned barn with a
mannequin yeah and that's when the cop
came in yeah like whoa rebels are what
fuck you don't love mannequin I think
you better leave the doll here son yeah
like why do I keep finding little
children in this barn they're mannequins
we really have to stop that satanic cult
so specifically you should go home
don't bring the doll leave that weird
mannequin I'll take care of it I kinda
fucked that mannequin oh yeah where did
you find it someplace very high did you
find it in a tree well that's not very
high anymore that that's a good
transition yes because we we've
dissected what happens in Rome lazar but
let's let's look further why it was REM
Lazar made we were theoretically idea
we're speculating it that it's a failed
pilot yeah it's like 45 minutes with
great commercials eight minutes which is
like two half-hour episodes once you
factor in commercial breaks
it has although like the hallmarks of
like a kids show it also has this
undercurrent where it's like is this
some sort of like subtle cults
introduction yeah we've went through the
whole thing we're waiting for it to take
that turn it never does and they were
watching through credits and it's got
like a couple therapists in there so
it's like oh no it's really all surface
if you change like the highest thing you
can imagine if that if that if that's
God and the whole thing is like belief
because faith then this video makes
perfect sense yeah the highest thing was
never God the highest thing was
imagination no love but it's just the
most generic things you can imagine yeah
that makes me think they didn't give a
shit about the message they well I think
they were just trying to come up with a
generic message that would appeal to
kids and appeal to PBS or someone yes
we're looking at we're looking at
generic positive like do you feel better
than you did when you started watching
creating rebels are we watched too
fucking miserable nightmares and then we
got to run lazar yeah like a breath of
fresh air
you walk through a park and got lost I
feel dirty sane remiz are like it's out
there's something kind of like it's like
the word kumquat where it sounds dirty
yeah like emilie's like I feel like I'm
saying something where it's like
someone's gonna point out what that
really means we attempted to break down
the name ROM Lazar at first we thought
it might be an anagram it was an
unanimity memory rapid eye movement oh
they can't when you're when you're in
deep sleep when you achieve REM sleep it
was one year when you're asleep yeah so
clearly you don't see when your dreams
like Freddy Krueger what is Lazar that's
laser with the two vowels switched so
lasers an acronym yes and rich has it up
on his phone right now light
amplification by stimulated emission of
radiation also taser is necking him yes
it taser is an acronym which comes from
Thomas a Swift's electric rifle yes
which was a night a book from 1911 where
a fictional character named Thomas a
Swift went on a safari hunt with an
electric rifle and he was shooting
elephants game with his electric rifle
so whoever invented the Taser multiple
many decades later it would it wasn't
Allah say Swift's no there was a fake
book it was some guy so where you're
saying is the Taser was named after this
book yes 60o the word lazar sounds like
bizarre Lazar I think is French for
lizard oh so that's why L DS oh my God
he's a reptilian he's a dream lizards
see all these things are like creepy and
weird or like like lasers and violence
for a moment I thought Lazar was Lazarus
oh no reference of coming back from the
dead but that's la so we have we have we
have we have we have acronyms and in
area 51
Project Blue Book what is here oh my god
REM Lazar was made let's go find the
Twin Towers alright kid take us home J
we're almost there oh god I hope we're
gonna stare like oh my god
like the railroad video right zero
children Oh No okay rich best of the
worst
yeah I solved everything all the world's
questions and problems in one videotape
yeah Mike oh don't you fucking do don't
do it
III am I don't want to go against the
grain what are you doing what are you
doing I enjoyed ruffles are it was
fascinating Mike in fact one could say
it was bizarre but the best of the worst
to me is school bus a railroad across
the video it was it was an informative
and you are now disqualified from ever
participate you might pick I got the
spotlight fucking cared let me fuck you
fuck you I'm not trying to be a
contrarian you are so doing it other
episodes I've picked films that I found
entertaining the the rules of what is
best of the worst are are vague and
nebulous I have my right to choose and
my best of the worst why is it best
worst because it literally is the best
of the worst what does that mean though
I guess the worst is whatever is the
most entertaining you cannot say you
were more entertained by that then no no
it's not what is the most of it you can
when you're being a contrary an asshole
that's what sprees both searching for
every reason that's it's been that for
years Mike
no no not entertaining yes it can be
that you learn from the railroad
crossing video Josh what is best of the
worst it's wrong that's right creating
liberals are usually that's his rebels
are because REM Lazar that was amazing
you as it was fucking there's no there's
nothing I don't even know if there's
anything better than rebels either watch
clearly I'm outvoted that's fine yes but
because you're I thought that was the
best or the worst I loved REM Lazar I
thought it was funny and amazing you try
to justify it you try to justify it you
don't make any fucking sense that's the
best all right well let's conjure Satan
and destroy a satanic cults reign yeah
yes oh
yeah I wouldn't really let it run off no
no no no you just get a shot at the
track in the off chance we actually
derail the Train you're like I would
feel pretty bad how'd that I would feel
kind of bad about that well also you're
not gonna do a relative area by putting
a VHS tape on the problem that's not
yeah if a bus won't derail it's a train
