Oct 28, 2019
Jack-O, Rock n' Roll Nightmare, and Shark Exorcist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7_ZU4dlqXk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1188802953056018432
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156804885242634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-jack-o-rock-n-roll-nightmare-and-shark-exorcist

so yeah we narrowed it down to these
three what's green I think I think we
got a good selection this year we don't
wanna end up with like another response
I like the the demon stuff that one yeah
yeah what's neat
rich come on like I know it's Halloween
and you want to go for album but we got
to shoot the episode so let's uh let's
be a little more professional here okay
all right so what's after this one oh
and then there's shark Exorcist which
that one should be pretty good yeah
well Jack happy Halloween
so it's my favorite time of year candy
and costumes and coldness all the Seas
on my favorite seas and crap which is
what we're gonna watch today oh I get it
our first movie is Jack oh I remember
seeing this at the video store all the
time growing up but I've never seen it
but it was recommended to us but patton
oswalt because it's Cameron Mitchell's
last film Oh Oh No so I almost feel like
we can't like you know once we wanted
this we know where it ends I mean we
have to save this for the last best of
the worst mmm ever oh that could be this
this is it this is it you made it to the
last best lawyers congratulations
everyone what a fantastic cover
The Legend of Jacko is all but forgotten
to the townspeople of oak more crossing
except in the nursery rhymes of children
oh so there this is Nightmare on Elm
Street kind of thing meets Michael
Jackson almost 100 years before warlock
yes okay no that is a warlock a warlock
or us someone named warlock no a warlock
Walter messin was hung for murder but
before he died he raised up a fury of a
demon creature to take revenge on the
unwitting townspeople many died before
it was destroyed and buried forever the
creature
the creature was buried forever a
hundred years ago okay buried forever
come on
so not forever coming back now whoopsie
sorry just we're just brushing over the
fact that the movie starts with a
warlock when a trio of Graber grave
robbers grave robbers a trio of grapes
mushers they make a wine then they're
just give me a fast facts that that
famous viral video of the woman stepping
on the grapes remember you don't know
I'm talking about everybody knows that
when a trio of grave robbers stumble
across Jacko's unmarked grave they
unleash the vengeful monster to continue
its bloodthirsty quests this pumpkin
monster hunger monster yeah that's a
lady did you say jack Oh what happened
to the Warlock did it say he died before
no literally he died before he died I
think they said no yeah he was a he was
oh he's hung they hung him okay he
wouldn't I mean he might have been hung
but they hung the here's the important
question if this is truly Cameron
Mitchell's last movie we got to start
taking guesses where is he appear and
who is he gonna be angry cop I mean we
can only hold well he'll be angry I
don't know if I be a cop
I mean I'm gonna say he'll be man
sitting at desk my prediction is he's
going to be in the same desk he was from
daemon Cobb cuz if this is his last
movie yeah he's not going anywhere
did you find that terrifying I mean if
your mind ceased to believe that which
I've shown you never Mitchell he's gonna
be a Latini
it'll be him is he at Modesto is that
the same footage it's even Cod it could
very well be I don't remember exactly
what he said cuz he was like a horror
host and it ya know he was he was
researching it was like a doctor that
was talking about doesn't open the movie
though Devon County yeah yeah excellent
college a he did it so we watched this
movie for that this is a good okay Josh
oh hello as you know it's become
somewhat of a tradition on Halloween to
do a rock and roll themed horror movie
yes it is and so I present to you
rock and roll nightmare with John Mikkel
for yes
a hot new rock group they're sexy young
girlfriends it should have been the best
time of their lives but it ended up
being a rock and roll light mer oh my
god
that would be funny if Nickelback wasn't
still a band Mike they're still out
there recording some new music in an
isolated farmhouse the band gets more
than they bargained for when something
horrifying stirs in the darkest eternal
evil haunts this place and the band
members start turning into demons from
Hell itself oh my god that sounds like
the other movie we watched last year but
made by the same people who made that
other movie we watched last year right
is it gonna be the exact same movie and
I'd like to change the title
no okay after a day of making music and
making love this band is starting to
break up one by one limb by limb so the
arms like going on a solo career solo
album I'm sorry one on one arm Def
Leppard chokes never go out of style
Michael 1984 called they wants to know
of the year 2000 is the band's lead
singer John Triton who's John Nichol
thora John Triton like if you're if your
name is John Nichol Thor just call your
character that that I don't I don't
think I could say enough how awesome
that name is okay I'm with you because
nipple Thor sounds like it could be a
normal name until you see how it's
spelled because it's not it's not John
it's not John Nichol Thor yeah it's John
Nichol for uh-huh
eaturing head banging heavy metal music
by rock sensation John nickel Thor and
some amazing visual and special makeup
effects amazing they're gonna be amazing
amazing let's go they sleeping in a
bathtub set a bathtub coffin oh it's a
piano bed the guy was trying to tell
about earlier what is a piano bed I
don't know it's that shaped like a piano
or a bed listen a lambskin bathtub
it's a it's
ad that was a comedy no no
his is a joke like the rest of the
movie has been a joke this is the real
movie yeah well we just had another rock
and roll nightmare yes and our third
film we found by happenstance grabbed it
off the shelf based on the title alone
we just grabbed the first movie we saw
blood literally what are we gonna get I
don't know
well it had an intriguing title it's
called shark Exorcist which fortunately
was the first movie we grabbed off the
shelf
okay so there's a lady with I guess
shark teeth on the back of the box I
didn't look at the back of the box I
didn't need to so the shark is I guess
exorcism implies that the shark is
possessed by a demon
oh no there might be demonic transfer oh
no I know exactly what's gonna happen
okay we're not gonna get exciting shark
attack footage a shark is going to
possess a woman yeah so so the tag is
yeah there'll be a shark for two seconds
W shark for two seconds and then we're
gonna get a woman run around with teeth
okay this is a mistake so the tag is
Satan has jaws and a little little
little nice touch on the back you're
gonna need a bigger cross which is a
reference to the Exorcist what's so
funny
I'm just thinking about that one say on
the excess no and father father Karras
says we're gonna need a bigger cross
right you're gonna need a bigger cross a
demonic nun summons satan to a small
fishing village where he takes over the
bodies of a great white shark and also a
young woman double possession oh that's
weird
why don't we just grab the first movie
why didn't we like do a closer
inspection a chain reaction of evil
grips the tiny community as the shredded
bodies wash up and the possessed woman
stalks the local populace a Catholic
priest arrives in search of his missing
brother and he must fight both why hell
is the brother missing I don't know
related side plot okay
well that's his reason for just showing
up into this town I guess and he must
fight both teeth and temptation on land
and sea in order to send both these man
killers back to how before the Devils
washes ashore for good this is gonna be
embarrassing and weird and at the very
least I'm curious I can think of nothing
better to do with 70 minutes of my time
oh it's only 70 minutes yeah Oh should
we go watch the movie no I guess so I
can't I kind of like can't move like my
feet won't move
I just can't will mine the move I think
it's like a natural reaction like
self-defense yourself ideas just kicked
in no yeah no we're not doing this
anymore like walking into traffic like I
just it's like that survival instinct
yeah its eyes are already glowy
it's not even evil yet as far as CGI
shirts go not bad well what do you bet
that was unlike and they bought that
though well sure
not bad but you know what was that like
the perfectly blue background that was
clearly now how that's bad that's the
thing about almost dying Emily it is a
real buzzkill the more you know this
makes the movies better
that goes a guy goes as it goes
oh, my god
that's so fucking spooky
of that
big pumpkin yeah everything's scary it's
always the pumpkin it's gonna it's gonna
be on a guy income that is roughly the
actual size head of Jacko are here at
Ulmer yeah yeah that doesn't work it
doesn't look like it and it's probably
to scale about the same size you could
put that on your head
you just need a hey sickle yeah and bad
costumes and a bunch of bad actors and
no script and a town with two streets to
be fair i I think we we counted three
whole streets and don't forget the boobs
well there's - boo - boobs three streets
for me fours a crowd or oh yeah that's
right well the one girl very very
briefly yes that was the case of like
here's my boobs all right are we done
yeah what are you doing baby
speaking of boobs Josh can you tell us
all about no not you you know just about
Jacko because you can tell us about a
better movie Jay yeah I think you're
more appropriate to tell us all about
Jack oh well I've been getting the blame
for Jack oh all day as if this was my I
there's a there's a different man that
needs the blame yeah we have to blame
Patton Oswalt's he recommended that we
watch this because it was supposedly
Cameron Mitchell's last film and
technically technically it's his last
credit but we'll get to that it is it
possible speaking of which by the way we
got him here the patron saint of best of
the worst yes yes
oh but Jacko is a movie about a wizard
who creates a pumpkin monster and then
the wizard dies and then the pumpkin
monster dies and then many many
centuries later years later sure five
generations later five generations later
but like that the pumpkin man comes back
the descendant of the wizard has to stop
him by wizard I assume you mean like we
see a guy doing some magical stuff oh no
we cut to a 17 year old footage of John
Carradine sitting on a log
video footage film shot film yeah they
didn't even try and color correct it at
all
oh that's footage of John Carradine that
was clearly not just for this movie yeah
that's like oh now we know why there's a
wizard involved because they have
footage
cuz they had footage of John Kerry that
is such a weight off my shoulders now
though why wasn't there just a punk of
monster why did we need a wizard yeah
why do we need a wizard
oh
none of it fucking matters
it's it's fucking terrible
and it all takes place in the scariest place of all: Florida
that's when I think a nightmare
I think of Florida
pure white trash
how many Methos were in this movie especially tiny towns
in Florida with only three streets and
no businesses yeah it has anywhere to go
no it's entirely residential apart from
there's a graveyard and a playground
kids it's it takes place on Halloween
and the kids have so few places to go
that they go back to the same houses
like three times yeah they're out
trick-or-treating they're like oh here's
the the the uppity the weird Republicans
yeah they're watching a like a proto
rush limbaugh a rush limbaugh imitation
and yeah the lady has a British accent
she were a dog I'd have this there in
like a dump of a house their house is
pretty trashy I think it's supposed to
be a mansion but they just I think why
should I give my money to the government
well they aren't giving me any of theirs
it's so true
like a nobody British woman cuz white
rich white people did I just sound like
that they believe Halloween's a form of
welfare free grocery store watch candy
you want something from me you pay for
it
got it I'm gonna see that character be
the sole survivor and the lady was like
cutting up toasts like so you could dip
it in soft-boiled eggs like British
people do yeah like British people do
I've never cut toast that way before
roll into little strips unless you're
making french toast not all of us can
afford fancy french toast long but or
knives come on nasty Americans will cut
the bread in half and then well then
we're talking about freedom
sophisticated Oh blue powdered sugar man
zing remember the blip days there was
that Dad for Denny's that would play
before like every blip video where the
guy's eating like red white and blue
pancakes and they're like what does it
taste like and he's like America back in
the days of what TV that was a
commercial that you know all the time I
was a Denny's oh no I think it was
Denny's yeah America anyway I think
we're all talking about something other than Jack-O
we're trying to avoid talking about Jack-O
so what really happens in Jack-O
a bunch of people fuck around
yeah
they just wander around this one neighborhood
they set up all these characters it's
like character after character after
character were introduced to name them
I can't name a single fucking character
we got mom and dad
mom and dad
Sean Kelly
who's the little kid
the little boy and the dad are the modern-day version of the the McFly farm
yeah from Back to the Future 3 yeah
where it's the dad and the son played
played by the same actors yes that's the
generation all the kids played the kids
dad is too it's got the mustache
easy he's like a little punchy
winnie-the-pooh man in the current time
cut to it see who's right I thought in
the credits it said the father played
the family I think it's just the kid
that is the dual roles but anyway those
are the characters and then we're
introduced to more characters they say
Tom's first of all what okay we have the
shower babysitter that's Lenny Quigley
the big actor in the movies and then we
have Lynette Quigley's sister motorcycle
boyfriend that's the fourth one even we
didn't realize those were connected
what why is there filth everywhere well
the first chunk of characters is our
little Harry Potter kid and his two
friends
bully bully boy and girl girl
so you here's the other thing about this
movie they live in a very dangerous
neighborhood you know it's it's very
dangerous because even though the
parents are in the garage they need to
hire a babysitter to watch their kid in
the house yeah go around
trick-or-treating all three streets with you
well, that was the frustrating thing about it
as we were, like, okay, this is so fucking simple
yeah
we have Pumpkinhead monster demon
you saw that from the dead
to go around and kill all these
characters we've been introduced to
Pumpkinhead because Halloween yeah do
pumpkins even grow in Florida it is it
is a monster it's not an actual pumpkin
so that's so that's a question though I
have like go ahead and tell us that will
totally look at your comment I mean I
assume they like get pumpkins from has a
tropical climate yeah pumpkins are
everywhere in the US but I don't know if
they grow on there maybe we have to pull
them down from latex well sure I don't
know it just doesn't seem like a story
or a legend that would originate in a
tropical climate
coconut wait another 20 years then
methods gonna be in the in stopping a
story tradition pumpkins don't grow in
the summer they grow in the fall right
and fall typically happens in the
Midwest in above a tropical the
alignment region right now I'm just
saying I don't think pumpkins grow in
Florida like I don't know I think you've
if you're a Floridian, go fuck yourself
put put down the meth
stop your shopping cart in the Walmart
and get on your phone
and send us a message
that's everywhere, mike
yeah pumpkins growing Florida cuz I
don't think they do I just
no, it needed to be the whole fucking head, you lazy son of a bitches
yeah, the unfortunate thing, when they get killed, it's, it's very anticlimactic it's
very disappointing yeah but we know that
Jacko was free yeah jack is back and
he's gonna wander around he'll go to the
Republicans house and then and then
leave and then a leave and he'll go to
the the main characters house and then
I'll leave and go back to the
Republicans how he'll have real trouble
killing people
yeah that's the thing you set up your
killer and then he doesn't kill anybody for a long time
and even the kills we do get are weak as shit
like you know a lot of slit necks are like there is one
decapitation they can only afford one
head prop that was a good one
that was a good one but the best stuff
in the movie was an accident
and Jacko wasn't responsible for it we
have the the Republican lady the fake
British lady
we established they set it up it's like
a final destination film where it's like
oh she's slipping on her carpet she
touches her toaster and I guess
lightning comes out of it it's to remind
you that a toaster is an electrical
appliance yes otherwise otherwise you
wouldn't know this in case you're an
alien they don't have a gas-powered
toaster she doesn't have to start it up
lay along so they set that up and then
the Jacko kills her husband and she runs
back into the house and then we got the
payoff
wait what they try to do a an ironic thing
what the fuck
oh
I guess my work here is done
he just goes oh this is awkward like
shrugs like if you're gonna do something
that stupid that would just be like oh I
wasn't supposed to be stupid it was
supposed to be scary
that guy's wielding a six to eight foot
long hey sickle mm-hmm with double
handle blade action big bad and and you
know he he has he has more range of
motion than Michael Myers with the
butcher knife yeah it's got at least
eight to twelve feet of range of motion
with us hay sickle
and he can't do jack shit with it
no
he he uses that shit as a shovel
that's in there that's right
yeah burying the kid it's downright
inverse yeah it's yeah the movie is
embarrassing yeah
yeah it's fun listen units a hold on it
yeah they use just the right amount of
frames yeah and now we have to talk
about Cameron Mitchell and and Patton
let's go through a timeline here uh-huh
Exorcist yeah Jay and Josh talked about
Exorcist okay Exorcist three uh-huh
starring George see Scott yeah yeah
George see Scott played General Patton
yes
Patton Oswalt named named after that pet
it's true
Patton Oswalt recommended jack oh yeah
the final film of Cameron Mitchell and
tonight we watch Jack oh here's the
thing I don't think there's a link
dating back six video all right
I don't quite follow here's the thing
you and you guys were talking in the
intro come on come on Mike sing is check
out this link to the other red letter
media videos follow the links down below
later to smash that like button ring the
bell that's just us two actors oh we go
way back to Texas u.s. Pazuzu in it
Pazuzu begins with a P Patton begins
with a P that's a connection I guess
George see Scott
Jersey Scott was hit in the groin by a
football I want you to sit back to my
style of power
oh I don't want to get you off I want
you to sit back
it's like it's the same footage from
demon cops even got the same yeah at
first it because we see him he's like a
horror movie host the little kids
watching him on TV and at first it's
like oh that's they shot and is in his
room and is then there's that lamp but
then we see it again later and he has
it's the exact same footage from you
know and and it's even the exact same
line he makes yeah that he mentions like
the asylum of madness yeah it's it's
word for word the same lines the
question is what was that footage
originally shot for right it wasn't
Shopper demon cop because nothing was
originally shot for demon cop
it could just be a thing where like a
failed project I got 10 minutes of yeah
like a fella goes game plan now anything
yeah I'm gonna give you guys footage
these are the files of the Damned the
stories of those poor depraved Souls
overall Jacko weirdest biopic about
Kennedy's Widow I've ever seen there's
pretty good though right it's pretty
good I know I messed it up on the
original delivery no I was working about
come on people
alright so that was Jack you got
anything else we want to hit on there
nope
it sucks it sucks like it sucks
so next yes next we have our rock and
roll horror movie that we always do for
every single year we've done it since
the beginning and absolutely thing I
think there's one or two years where we
didn't done it every year that was a
mistake
so Josh as our resident music expert can
you please try to unwrap rock and roll
nightmare the only man in America right
now wearing a dancing t-shirt well that
can't be true I bet Danzig is wearing a
Deans exactly it's me and one
rock'n'roll nightmare seems like a
terrible parody of horror movies for
about 50 minutes and then we find out
why that's true really true there you go
yeah okay well first of all who is John
Michael Thor he's a metal musician who
had a band called for he basically his
thing was that he was a big muscle man
he lived to rock no this is documentary
about him yes
so at the beginning of rock'n'roll
nightmare there is there so family that
lives in a farmhouse and they're doing
getting up for the morning shaving and
making breakfast and all of a sudden mom
opens up the fridge and there's
something in there
she in the oven oh it wasn't a ghost put
her in the oven or doing something fun
during the wait was that supposed to be
the wife of the other I think so I
thought it was supposed to be a monster
not all the way that put in the oven I'm
cause she opened the fridge even I show
up in the fridge that's where the demon
came from Oh
she opens up the fridge yeah well that's
what makes it confusing it's the first
appearance of gozer excited slam with
Gozer look at all the junk food
there is no Dana only farm mom a lot a
lot of the creatures in this movie look
like like haunted house props they're
pretty bad there they're not good I'd
say they'd look like Fraggle Rock
handsome II feel to a lot of them but we
do we do get an incredibly bizarre
credit sequence we get like Evil Dead
the house credit sequence it seems like
basically we've got that we've got a cat
POV
what okay was any of that just time to
kill Ontario you must say number one
what sure good and there's no payoff for
any of it no well then yeah and then the
credits are over and then we cut to Thor
driving his van yeah there's a long
montage and that goes on for fucking ten minutes
or it feels like oh this is the
the footage that you have your credits
are rolling absolutely but we already
got the credits so we're just gonna
watch a guy drive a van for fucking ten minutes
very long time
and I'm sure that footage of like cat camera was just like testing camera equipment
like oh this will be good b-roll for demon vision
there's so much in this movie that seems
like it was just camera test footage
oh alright okay never mind don't need
that house was a cool shot though we had
the shot just throw it in somewhere do
you think he just got like a whole bunch
of new camera gear and he's like yeah
let's do some funds test him testing it
in the backyard oh yeah that was that
cool ahem - mouch yeah we creamed
through the tree thing these are very
cool shots
that's a really nice dollar you got there
yeah
look at how smooth this
dolly is
still driving
they're going somewhere
oh, man
they are getting every
dollar out of his crane
oh, yeah
every single fucking dol--
oh, it turned into a--
yeah
all right
yeah, all right
all right
yeah the van is
coming there and there were establishing
the house van house van house because we
understand cinema we assumed that these
two things would meet up and they do
because the van pulls up to the house
can we talk about the van I want to talk
about the van and the band yeah because
the van has has a double license plate 1
1 is the Ontario Canada license plate
and below it it says I love America USA
number one USA number one yes right and
so the premise is is that this rock band
presumably from America has come up to a
remote farmhouse in Ontario with a barn
which has been retrofitted or augmented
into a recording studio by a major
record label RCA RCA as a recording -
Rod Stewart has been there the rolling
stone Alice Cooper Alison Cooper and so
so is the band from America or as the
band crossed over into the border did
they then get an Ontario license plate
or are these Canadians that are so
embarrassed to be Canadians that they
have to pretend to be Americans
you know what the barn over there this
one yeah big barn there you know that
recording company RC a right they came
here when Alice blooper Cooper yeah
and they build a recording studio up
there 24 drag for the keys yeah I have
the keys here good and tonight
well I want to tell you something though
this is not the first band that's been
here totally no no we had Bob Bob
Stewart yeah yeah yeah yeah and also in
there's a room up there yeah this is a
bit why would you put that bit like I
was watching a Johnny Pat owl movie
there are definitely people in the band
that have a Canadian accent the abour
and the girlfriends in particular have a
Canadian accent but did they pick them
up on the way truck stop they try to
establish that house as if it's like in
the middle of nowhere like an evil dead
situation but we see a road and we see
cars driving past it all the time it's
not that far out obviously the other
thing I need I need to tweeted John
worser so we can look at this movie and
tell me if the drums are period-correct
he will know is that the guy who
invented the sauce desire desire that's
that's an English descendant wish to
shire sauce it's a little joke relax
everybody jump down my throat like some
worse to show that's music what do you
think it was like bacon frying
there's no bass in there they go and
have their first rehearsal that's right
which is also a recording I guess uh
yeah the managers running tape even
though it's rehearsal but you know what
you wanna you want a kneeling young it
you wanted to go ahead and run tape at
all times just in case the magic happens
yeah you never know that's turtle thing
apparently yeah and we noticed still
young
the young never rolled tape while he was
practicing this was good no he always
always always I think you horribly miss
up oh yeah opposite no switch I thought
you were saying he was very naked lady
singing okay all what is one of the
members had a coke problem and had to
leave the band
yesterday I'm saying that oh my god a
coke problem and rock and roll no
there's no Coke in this movie there's no
drugs and there's no drugs in this there
are folks they were placed upon the
coca-cola and remember he places his
coke on the little rubbery hand and a
little penis monster yeah so there is a
tonic oh I guess but it's not the coke
you would think of with a rock band
it's a metaphor for Coco the coke is a
metaphor for coke this whole movies
about drug addiction the Bernadino we're
gonna take our friend out to the middle
of nowhere so they can kick the drug
that's right a little bullet okay
like evil deadly Evil Dead remake yeah
yeah that's what this movies about a
little little detox but but as it turns
out oh yeah so you know yeah he has to
confront his demon and he also needs to
he needs to shed his friends who were
part of his old drug life that they were
part of the problem or part of the
problem so his friend Wow
he shed his friends and confronted his
yeah
fuck, Jay
that kind of works
this is a great film
what what that's the actual monster look
what the fuck was that
I was looking at my phone
oh that's his cup yeah it
didn't actually vomit any it's failed
factory work and they just left it so
the manager who is just drank from the
cup with the demon semen in it who may
or may not be possessed goes down in the
basement of the barn to look for more
drumsticks and then all of a sudden gets
seduced he's not affected by the exit by
the humans he made it all making that
point no but he's got it he's got he
just has visions basically that is my
point is that it is pointless well yeah
well and we'll find out why as we go on
with the movie or the demons weren't
necessarily coordinating and the little penis demon can't really do any magic
and he's just like I'm gonna spit in his shit, right
and like that's all he can do
I had he sends the bigger demon down to
look like the lady
what what what there's nobody here
there's nobody over there did you see it
goes I I really feel I thought I really
felt like rich was walking over here and
tell you this building's haunted I think
oh my god this we have a ghost
wait rich when I'm here by myself
sometimes I think I see somebody walking
and oftentimes I've heard my name I
really felt like rich was right behind
me so I thought he was doing a bit you
gotta get a sharp assistant here we
gotta set the EVPs electro electro voice
I think we need Ghost Adventures
to investigate alright maybe he'd buy
some of the things we have Rob give us
six hundred thousand dollars for our shit
we're selling everything
see that guy
that's like 200 bucks
come on yeah
that these things behind us are haunted
they're pretty smooth rich saw something
move that ladder as haunted Zach let's
put it in a museum next next at games
called room
oh my god though
cutaway no hold on that for as long as
possible as we find out there are many
different demons throughout yes it's
very diverse in hell as far as we can
tell
not like Canada more diverse center rock
band because we couldn't tell anybody
apart although all the guys said the
same hair and all the ladies had the
same hair and I didn't know who was who
also that puppet that would that
remember is someone stuck their hand in
a frigerator and and a fried chicken
came to life oh yeah and a mouth on it
and clearly clearly the puppeteer
expected it to be lit moodily and and
you could see like the rubber and the
black so it's kind of like a Skeletor
and the Masters of the Universe movies
you can see the nostril
it's just painted black yeah Frank
Langella favorite role good for him he
gave it his all so puppeteered the
chicken puppet well the most notable one
is when the one guy takes the the guy
takes the girl down to the lake actually
I only heard about it he's like how do
you how did you find out about this place
and it's like we're five feet from the house
yeah
I looked out my window, and I saw a fucking lake
oh no sound effects they're anything but
then but yeah like a ham comes out of
his chest or out of his stomach it grabs
her boob like a 13 year old pervert yeah
well let that's something to point out
this movie feels like it's written by a
13 year old the whole movie there
there's a lot of sex scenes and nudity
and they're all shot very clumsily yeah
really just a lot of flesh pressed yeah
can we talk about grandmas a disability
shower massager only grandma yeah just
come in the shower it's a weak-ass
shower too looking like two little
streams so a massage the grungy white
tile the little spurts of water and yeah
nobody wants to get that wet in there I
said in the house was like like a
farmhouse to like off-the-grid they had
laid a big water tank in the back yeah a
shower set to like just don't use too
much water yeah we got to have a refill
yeah well it's also awkward because they
don't you could just like cut to them in
the shower but we see them like turn it
on and awkwardly get in it's like we
don't need to see any of this yeah you
know you don't do the awkward get a
little kissing get a little boobie in
there and then you go and then you're
out it would be like we're watching
somebody fumble with a bra for five
minutes that could have been in this
movie you're really crowded in this
movie
why but here's the thing as we get to
the end finally John John Nichol Thor's
girlfriend is taken over by the demons
and then John Michael Flohr does some
dishes and is that after John Michael
for left when John Michael Flohr showed
up it doesn't matter for it what what no
I heard a noise I just moved my legs is
that what it was Sally came from a oh no
I slice live so he's like oh no are you
scared of ghosts apparently now I'm
scared of spooky ghosts the movie gets
just a little too wacky at this point it
almost seems like he is like like being
so dumb he's ignoring all these signs of
demons like a demon shoots himself Adam
and he's like whoa I dropped my pen yeah
very slapstick II yes for just like five
minutes and gets kind of wacky and then
the girlfriend shows up
oh my god whoops she fell she fell mom
no she she this is this whole reveal is
like it took their movie - it was gonna
say it took the movie to a higher level
and do all good for us for our enjoyment
it's also embarrassing the entirety of
the movie before this seems like it
would have been like a shitty horror
movie ripoff it turns out it was
supposed to be never here Bob really
shadows I created to entertain your
little friends oh my I'm sorry it just
characters I do I've been here all alone
what I knew if I pissed you off
and make a personal appearance see an
angel
of course he fucking is
what
he's thor
I've
never been more embarrassed and he just
made all this up because he was trying
to pull out of hiding this is the battle
I don't really care if they keep doing this for another hour
just
as long as the score keeps fucking rock 'n  roll
this is turned into the
best but that fight is the most amazing
thing and that twist is up it is it
beerus ever everything about it is great
like because I didn't think throughout
the rest of the movie because you think
like rock and roll nightmare and you see
like this cover and you're like oh
awesome heavy metal horror film and then
the movies like a bunch of people
hanging out in the barn house he's
dressed down for the most time John
Lithgow for is wearing like pajamas he's
more like ladies like a little girl's
pajamas yes polkadot lady pajamas and so
so you kind of like oh this isn't what
you think this movie we're used to
seeing misleading images on our own this
doesn't just covered a Deathstalker 3
yeah but then it delivers in the most
epic battle between good and evil
yeah delivers and being the most
embarrassing ending of a it's amazing
and it's an amazing twist
you didn't have to do much to defeat Satan
no, just punch him a little bit
the, i think the weird thing to think about, though, if you think about this movie with any sort of logic, is that he has created all of his bandmates, he's created his van, he's
created everything, and then all of his creations, he said, "go fuck"
it would have been great if they if they went to like
after we got the big reveal that he's
been you know all these friends are
people that he'd manifested if then we
come back to the reality like just quick
cuts of different scenes from all a
flashback yeah like flashbacks and yeah
you see him in the shower and he's just
like masturbating yeah and then we cut
to him rocking out with his van and just
him just template-based
doing this and still do it but yeah
obviously when you you you you mentioned
something about this being the most
embarrassing ending it's not even the
most embarrassing ending of the night
these movies is more embarrassing at the end than rock'n'roll language
that's a tough call
I don't think it is
I don't think it is
i'm going to say it's the most entertaining
that's, that's fucking
filming, filming an underage girl in a mall with your cell phone
oh all right hi Josh told me I needed be
here immediately well you helped me pick
shark Exorcist this is your fault
homeboy all right business
yeah it's business time on this show we
we we have watched some amazing films
you know skull forest yes
suburban sasquatch and today we have
watched a old man masturbate to women
getting off with sharks
we watched someone's fetish film
basically yes we watched a director who
made a movie as an excuse to watch women
rise on the ground basically I don't
think we've seen this level of blatant
sleeves we have since DB Cooper versus
Bigfoot yeah this is the the other side
of that sadly this is one step above
that is a one step below this is worse
than VB Cooper T V Cooper meets Bigfoot
yeah DV Cooper vs. Bigfoot I had a
better story yes I don't think I can
agree with that
I understood the story in that one I
don't know I have no idea what happens a
lot of like like shirtless hiking but it
had a better story but will you
understood them and I made me more there
wasn't much story but you understood
what was happening through the whole
thing anyway to have a point and I knew
what happened at the end of DB Cooper
versus Bigfoot yeah whereas this was
like The Return of the King and add
multiple endings and I didn't understand
any of it that's true the end of this is
probably the more like the most
off-putting thing we've done yeah yeah
we should point out like you hear this
haidle shark Exorcist and we're like oh
it's gonna be like a sharknado like a
yeah like an intentionally bad thing
because those aren't fun but we
previewed a couple minutes of it and
we're like oh this seems to be taken
itself relatively seriously let's watch
the whole film whoops thanks Mike it's
only 70 minutes it's a long 70 minutes
when you're deeply uncomfortable
this movie starts off with it's a
satanic nun who murders a woman for
reasons that are never explained yeah
and then beseeches Satan to just have a
domotic shirt come mm-hmm yes not even
like it's just a shark gets possessed by
a demon it's just she just manifests a
demonic shark it's a demon shark so
there we go there is a pre-existing
demon shark right yes sir exists sure I
guess I think it's the spirit of the
demonic mom that inhabits the shark but
she doesn't die
then we cut to modern day and there are
there are five days one year later
you're later yeah oh sorry
technically speaking what is modern day
three three ladies are going to tan at
the beach yes neither are accomplished
well two two of them are very
disappointed when they realized that the
beach isn't a water park yes the one
girl wants a water park yeah okay not a
water park it's just a lake well at
least a wave pool turns out there is no
beach there's no sand there's there's a
there's there's like a muddy dirty
grassy like-like-like Park it looks more
like a river than the lake and nothing
is what they say it is
there's even have no swimming sign like
the cameraman and the crew are blatantly
in their reflection on the car Oh Jay
could be worse I know you could just see
down the farmer right there it's not the
like Miami Beach kind of area that the
filmmaker probably envisioned with
sharks right so one of there are no
sharks in rivers in Tennessee which is
where the film this is a demon shark it
can swim in rivers I can swim in water
that's this it does but the shark swims
in a chlorinated pool at one point it
can go wherever it wants true true Oh
God the most uncomfortable scene yeah
everyone defend we'll get to that
everybody which which one when the adult
the pool scene the adult woman who may
or may not be an adult playing a child
or being an adult lingers is that is
that more or less comfortable than the
person who might actually be a child
later on in the movie
and the mall auntie can we just stop
talking about the movie and for the mall
outside of claim we don't need to keep
doing this that's our job we do service
to the community
our demon-shark who is swimming in the
muddy waters of tennessee bites one of
the 50 identical blonde women in this
movie which causes her to turn into a
demon shirt I don't know if we call it a
bite that must be a very tiny shirt yeah
well she's getting pulled down by it
before it even gets to her yeah it was
like 5 feet of water I'm not filming at
the beach there's not one nearby it's
not a life-threatening Chuck wasn't
anywhere near happened that's not even a
was the best
shirks we're buying the one that Steve
just fell out and raised her leg and
then and then they put fake blood on her
someone stole this footage uh-oh I said
no they totally from this information
from the hospital yeah they don't just
secretly walk whose mom were they
visiting in the hospital right first for
context the director Donald farmer
Donald farmer old McDonald who has a
cameo in the film as a TV news reporter
oh god he is he looks like exactly who
you would think made this movie Oh at
last I thought he might be the cameraman
for the ghost hunting show
slackers like that you said that all the
time right wingers handycam like it like
a know overweight pervert but he sees an
elderly Thomas he's an elderly
overweight pervert Donald farmer it was
always a pervert but he he got to the
point where he was so old then
eventually his money wasn't enough to
get the babes anymore so he had to make
a shark movie and that's the only way
he's gonna look at at half naked titty
flush anymore well that's it's important
to point out his fetish there's no like
actual nudity in the movie Ryan that's
not his thing his thing is watching
women in bikinis rise in the dirt live
in the dirt really into sharks yeah and
also vomiting
there's something more sleazy about this
then your than your movies with real
nudity because he probably said oh
there's no nudity don't weigh this yeah
you just go in slim and whereas swims
yeah to the point where like they wear
swimsuits under their clothes where it's
like oh I guess we're I'm just gonna be
in a swimsuit now a girl with Down
syndrome I have a swimsuit under her
clothes yeah let's talk about the scene
let's just get it all the most
controversial scene well the premise her
next victims at the playground we don't
know if this was in a a grownup girl a
grown-up woman playing a child or if the
character was supposed to be a an adult
with sentimentally channel and actually
challenged because girl who has been
slightly injured by a shark was
possessed by a demon shark lures her to
a pool simple
demon demon shark lady tries to seduce
her she does sexual things either
towards a child or to someone with
mental problems low and also wore a
bathing suit under her clothes at the
children's playground yes yes yeah none
of it adds up
all problem
all bad
why not do like a lesbian thing
like, come on, let's go see a movie through
wedgie
well, no, because then they could be sexy, right
but she is supposed to be playing a child
yeah, I think so, and that's terrifying
no, I think, even worse, I think she's playing, like, someone with mental problems
yeah, i think she's supposed to be mentally challenged
oh, my god
that's fucked up
that's fucked up
yes especially since there's an erotic
element yes
Robert Robert farmer Richard Varma or
whatever is name is an old father Donald
farmer stay away from his productions
I'm sure well actually this is 2015
released in 2016 he's probably still
making movies right now he's working
he's working on his big octopus film Oh
No so many suckers there are girls being
born in Tennessee right now that are
that will appear that someday we'll be
in a Donald farmer film he'll be 78 in
the dirt you're possessed or whatever
well we got to talk about the the ghost
whackers show where let's part the whole
thing were the actual plot of this movie
was only like 40 minutes long and
there's a lot that just feels like it
was added on after this is one yes oh no
those walkers came in he came in early
but it had nothing to do
you know the only thing I was added on
was when he was filming a 11 year old
girl literally added on goes whackers
came in early if that subplot doesn't
affect it doesn't go anywhere I really
want to be the actual show was just
heard that face in the camera for like
minutes on end the actual shows the back
of her head yeah if you say this to her
cameraman he can edit it out it's not
like and how big he is do you think the
actress forgot which camera was the real
one cuz they were both that same little
hand yeah yeah she just like look at
this woman and Donald is like I don't give a shit
like if I got out yeah just
right there okay don't pretend you
possessed me we gotta get through this
to the puking see regurgitation that's
we only have two minutes to film this
scene before the cops show up I'm on
Elissa Spica ball having this honor show
is is even despicable
yeah the fact that we're giving this guy
attention I know I feel like we're on a
list
can we just real quick just say don't
watch shark Exorcist yes yes this isn't
like oh this movie so bad you should
watch it real quick don't watch it we
all felt bad watching it no no this
movie has no nudity and it managed to
feel about 10 times more disgusting than
the two other movies that were filled
with nudity yeah oh yeah that was
tasteful nude yes as you know it is fine
yeah elegant beautiful sensual
loving I mean compared to this was like
the disgusting filth taste at the bottom
of the sewer yeah it was it was the
worst thing I've ever seen I think was
JJ you had a really great point where
it's like this was there was no like
story that they needed to like fluff up
with boobies right this was nothing but
women in bikinis writhing on the floor
see what we'll see I was just thinking
well why are you started talking yeah
like we've seen movies right where it's
like the filmmaker is a pervert and it's
it's ladies showering and running around
in bikinis this is not sore two below
well some of those that's like well one
at least they're shot on like film at
least I have a story writing they have
characters I mean this is like a home
movie basically yes
but it's even worse because it's like
okay you can't you can okay it's weird
it's weird to say okay women in bikinis
on the beach or showering or whatever is
a fetish it's not really fetish it's
it's just normal women in a dirty Park
with sharks unrelated stranger taking
pictures of them that has no payoff oh
we gotta get to that
she's not tied up well she was just
doing that for the fun of it yeah
hopefully holding her arms up there
what the fuck is happening
the booze just
stopped my shirt came out of your
supernova someone went to Mardi Gras oh
that feels like an ending it doesn't
make sense but it is and this is where
it really gets where it's like oh this
is only 50 minutes long yeah we got to
get the movie longer so we watched this
very like muscular woman walk from her
car and we just follow her down to the
the not even the beach it's dirty
dirt it's more dirt it's all dirt the
exact same patch of dirt for the
beginning of it problems it's that same
perk the very same yeah but there yeah
which means he lives near there Oh God
he was under like parents probably bring
their kids through there every now and
then and he's somewhere nearby watching
thinking about sharks watching the kids
it's just families people
and it goes on and it's like ten minutes
after the story of the movie is over the
story is done the story is done this is
just a thing that happens
what the hell is happening we are a
filling time yeah they just ran out of
movie this is insanity
and this is pure insanity that creeper
taking photos of her she wakes up he's
gone she does scream at the camera
because then the gun comes back which is
probably just footage from the opening
that they reused because you see you're
stabbing off camera there's no
connection between the two exactly and
then more credits roll or no then the
credits roll yeah Martin Scorsese thinks
Marvel movies aren't cinema oh no we're
just gonna get shots of aquarium Oh God
wait what is this and then there is a
mid-credits break where we follow what
might be a kid or might be an adult I am
I'm going to assume that this person is
18 or over because they had to fill out
paperwork to be in a movie or her
parents were okay with it so but we
again much like the bodybuilder we are
creepily following this girl through the
mall but this is what I wanted to get to
is getting back to the shark stuff we
hold on her like pulling out stuff sharp
yes and just like one after the other
after the other
and we were, like, what the fuck is this anymore
right then afterwards she has a little
plastic shark that she's like rubbing on
her body and yeah hissing and public you
see like elderly people getting foot
massages of the like bit of saws chairs
behind her yes it's very bizarre she
you're in a mall yeah
I I don't know it's clearly not a movie
anymore if it ever was it's not now the
human brain can accomplish its like the
vastness of the universe yeah I'm done
I'm done
we saw credits in this one now
don't eat Laura out of thing oh I think
Donald farmer is a man whose mother had
a seizure while spanking him for
watching jaws was he masturbating up yes
you never know when those wires are
gonna get crossed well I think the point
being that don't watch shark exercise no
do not support this film or anything
this man does even if we've made it
sound funny or weird don't do it it's
creepy man
do it creepy it crosses but it crosses
that line in a big ol way we'vewe've
we're different people than we were at
the beginning tonight yeah we've we've
seen the things we shouldn't see yeah
yeah and that was shark Exorcist
okay so we have seen in 3spooky move or
we've seen two spooky movies we've see
one legitimately frightening movie
tonight
ah so it comes to that time of the
evening where we need to talk about the
best of the worst
I you know I rich well the last seven
minutes of rock and roll nightmare not
even like oh that makes the rest of the
movie better that's fair absolutely fair
J any thoughts on best of the word I
mean it's rock and roll nightmare it
really like the movies is somewhat
tedious but that I mean to me elevated
the entire thing yeah it's our whole
nightmare that's the only choice really
until until we go to Mike what what do
you got for appreciated the bed puppet a
beelzebub
which is like rotate rotator cuff arm
and the epic fight between he-man and
and Satan and Satan but it didn't make
up for the first 90 minutes oh no you're
not really picking sure guys you might I
do actually if you're picking shark
actors just say do my it's my time to
talk to be the best movie we've seen
tonight know the best of the worst
the the I I know most obviously knowing
Jack-O 90 percent 10 percent fun yeah a
hundred percent whoa
something else
even if it was made by a Sikh it was it
was new to the palate
it was weird so for all fine horror
movies in the last seven minutes when he
turns into an angel is brilliant yeah
what the hell is wrong with you
I enjoyed it we all do we just talk for
an hour about how it was the most
uncomfortable we've all been let me
clarify I've seen this I've seen this
I've never seen this why this movie was
made like the odd the story behind I
have to go now
rich which movie do you want to destroy
because it's insulting on all of us so
I'm going to destroy it I don't care I'm
just saying like I I never seen anything
like it
I'm calling HR Monday morning I can't
wait come back but well well what's your
pick for the rock'n'roll in there yeah
anything you want to destroy shark
Exorcist okay Gordon let's sit down
happy Halloween
