Sep 5, 2019
The Instructor, Through Doohan's Eye, and Twisted Pair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2IV0BajqAk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1169581323725545473
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-the-instructor-through-doohans-eye-and-twisted-pair

oh so this is what a book is half fuck
this this is what some movies so I guess
the first movie we're gonna watch is
this the instructor starring Bob Saul
coach of the US AAU karate team it's a
pretty good look at that the action
never stops in this stunt packed karate
extravaganza of a black belt instructor
who proves that his talents and
expertise can be used to defend instead
of destroy the instructor runs a local
karate school and tries to impart to his
students a sense of dignity along with
the intricacies of the sport when he is
threatened by a rival schools owner he
puts his teachings into action through
spectacular car chases
that is not an exciting shot a car-chase
II it's like rule number one going away
from the camera is more exciting than
coming towards it always teaching into
action with car chases that's a whole
new car series in the school I guess so
I hope so through spectacular car chases
and gripping hand-to-hand battles he
tracks pursues and corners his adversary
and that's it
he just corners and then walks away and
then the rest is left to your
imagination mmm sounds dusty
I was pregnant well rich our next movie
is through dead eyes
starring James Doohan who you might ask
why it's Star Trek Scotty
oh I wouldn't have known that not many
people would and look it's autographed
by James Doohan presumably before they
shot him into space after he died you
know saying saying that autograph it
just makes me think of the awkward
moment that happened here here's here's
James Doohan right he's 85 years old and
he's signing autographs at like a table
at a Star Trek convention wondering
where his life went wrong and then this
and then some asshole walks up with
through dead eyes and says can you sign
this and it's just like that's where it
went wrong that's how it all ended for
James Doohan yeah well those are the
last days of his life
James Doohan Scotty from Star Trek case
we forgot bucks the stars in this
thrilling horror slash murder mystery
but an old unsolved string of murders
and a psychic who can see how and when
people will die a police detective
hunted serial killer whose only victims
are women turning to a psychic to help
solve the crime he discovers she is
tortured by her power to see through
people who will soon die you know I
don't have to touch your vagina right
together they are determined to catch
the killer
he also seeks assistance from a retired
detective Doohan no God who sits on a
couch in one room and bangs out all of
his scenes within 5 minutes there is a
picture on the back of him sitting in
the couch very specifically him sitting
in a car and it's an action scene
because he's holy a gun so he's still
sitting in his recliner so they get
people to buy this James Doohan but
you'd think if they're gonna lure you in
with James Doohan
you shouldn't have to explain who he is
what does that say that say about him
yeah it's just some more stuff on the
back yeah who really cares yeah right
that's just gonna be sitting in the
couch the sense of stuff I can't wait to
watch this do you think do you think the
dead eyes are gonna be his yeah I got
one dead eye maybe he loses the other
one in the movie he's called dead eyes
hi Mike how you doing good
James that second film we watched sure
was something else yeah what do you want
to watch next oh yes uh well I I
discovered this this CD case that
contains a a film which looks mysterious
it had it's been printed on a home DVD
printer oh okay this is either this
either traveled from the early 2000s
into the future so someone can someone
can afford printer ink yes this person
is wealthy principled DVD I traveled
through time right well it either
traveled through time or it is a Neal
Breen film whoa
neoprene that sends like a sandwich
spread it is both a sandwich spread and
a man
a a filmmaker from Las Vegas Nevada
named Neil Breen who's made other films
apparently yeah I've heard filmmaking is
a real gamble so this is the new Neil
Breen film we've done two of his films
before best of the worst
this is twisted pair breaks cover a 2018
there's no box
there's no artwork it's all mysterious
he could not make he could not be
bothered to make a case for this or any
money itself distributed it on a
printable burnable dvd-r yeah i
wonderful be able to make a case for
whether the movie is good or not oh my
god one of them's a giant oh yeah see
kales shirt opens on the Left okay it's
open right yeah where are the Rings them
close the prisons like they've been
after being abducted by aliens to gum
the same jeans he's growing look at it
yellow
the final time I saw kale broke my heart
although we were now humanoids I still
felt a bond and love for him as my
brother oh my god faster faster more
intense and so watch this whole movie at
1.5 if suddenly is really good
so nice to be in Hawaii yeah you know
it's we're all festive I didn't think it
was gonna be such a dry heat
you know I I take charge but that just
feels morally wrong like on the end of
the table no good thing I'm gonna I'm
gonna take charge because I may lose my
voice at some point during this
discussion and then if I don't have to
explain a movie then I'll just sit here
nod for the video you know it was ADR it
really awkwardly mister yeah let's dump
my voice over I'll remember what I do
yeah paging mr. Herman
paging mr. urban mr. Herman
mr. Herman you have a telephone call at
the front desk our first movie is the
instructor and Colin you brought this
down like two years ago or something I
think so yeah I gave it to us and then
we just we just shoved it in the corner
yeah I saw a screening of this in
Toronto in an actual movie theater with
people not a film print though not a
film print I don't even know if this
exists on film but this is the only copy
I could get to barely exists on DVD it's
like a VHS rip and it's it's trying to
kill itself as the video goes on
shouldn't be a very simple story it's
just a story about shouldn't well it is
today it's just about to rival karate
schools
it's basically Cobra Kai yeah sure just
with more car chases and awkward fight
scenes
you say it like that it's like okay I
get what that is when you actually watch
the movie it is one of the most
confusing things I've ever seen like
none of us knew what the hell was going
on now who characters were no there's
there's our hero there's there's Bert
Pesci this guy he looks like a tiny Burt
Reynolds they just left the camera on
they're running back to get it let's use
that it's like if you just cut it off
Donald's head like you just took a
fucking saw to it and just started
directly on Joe Pesci's torso this is
what you did that's our lead care where
Charles Manson with an afro in a karate
suit although I've never seen Joe Pesci
run so I don't know how accurate this
guy's running is to Joe Pesci's but it's
pretty good running in Joe Pesci's body
okay so slightly awkward he's not quite
used to that body okay so this kind of
has like a backstory it's almost like
Miami connection like behind the scenes
this guy Don Bendel Owen this karate
school any school life in real life he's
he's still a karate instructor today
he's got a big karate school no and I
guess decide he wants to make a movie
and I guess like all of his students are
are the stars of this film he's actually
in the film but he's not the lead actor
it feels like the the Bert Pesci should
be the guy right is like it's his vanity
project so it's surprising that's not
usually when your action hero is the guy
who should not be your action hero yes
it's an ego vanity right yeah so if
you're getting if you're the director
and you're not the lead you would think
that the person you're going to pick
would be like the kind of like muscular
handsome guy not the five foot tall guy
with a snap-on official fisher-price
adventure people body yeah so this movie
opens and it's
and the director jogging and it's
obvious that it's a wig it couldn't look
more like a wig
well the idea we looked it up on IMDB
the the opening and the movie was a
reshoot it was done several years later
because most of the movie like his hair
looks stupid and weird but it's as
really his hair looks naturally that
openings see that's so clearly a wig it
could yeah it's like chubby Checker's
hair right like like tape on the tape or
a weighted foam it reminds me of like it
reminds me of like a like a big boom
microphone hood
what it's been wait what
the ninjas just what what the fuck just
happened and apparently in a scene that
we just didn't get Dom DeLuise ninja is
forced upon the female gang member right
cuz we're like is he raping her what is
happening we had no idea what was going
on yeah is this is a very very confusing
scene when our hero say he's raping her
yeah yeah and then they jump in to save
the girl but I think she pulled him down
onto her I was just walking home and
these guys from this gang just grabbed
me pulled me right in the center and
they flipped me on top of that girl and
I didn't even know her my mom knew that
she would crack up man who the hell are
you we do eventually find out that he
really is a creep so I'm assuming he was
lying about that theory I knew we find
out he's oh oh yeah I forgot the whole
movie he beats somebody to death over
the trophy oh god we see them for four
seconds and oh god then we get into a
scene that has nothing to do with
anything else that ever happens in the
film yeah and this looks like some gang
out of like escape for New York yeah I
think this whole scene is like something
they're fighting they got trash can lids
is weak we're calling them the Garbage
Pail Kids
yeah that's their gang there's got that
80s like the the Wardrobe is all sort of
like bad 80s apocalyptic sci-fi almost
slowly walk towards his kick
fuck wait and this is the reshoot and it
just makes the movie so much more
confusing because this is happening and
then there's lots of pickup shots of
people saying get him disconnected from
each other but you need a giant large
action scene to open your movie what's
happening but that cliche of like yeah
there's a group of you know gang guys in
an action movie that are coming after
our hero but they come after them one at
a time usually you just see you know the
bad guy like run into frame here we're
getting like overhead shots of everybody
just standing around it's like they have
it's like they had another Delhi and
they have their number number two
because 22 kicking the balls it very
much seems like moves that aren't
designed to be like Hollywood style come
from it seems like they're doing moves
you would teach to like a woman for self
defense purposes half their moves
involve grabbing somebody's balls
a lot of ya rabb there's so many ball
hits in this movie this movie should
have been called twisted-pair the movies
are very competent the camera work is
just shoddy
it's what the editing is is interesting
so so that kick off the motorcycle is
like and then the guy gets knocked off
it's like Liam Neeson trying to jump
over a fence
oh yeah we're like 20 edits yeah it's a
one-second sequence and yeah there's
like 25 edits we take three private
lessons right after you determine your
chances baby basic balance and
coordination at the end of that time our
chief instructable evaluating karate and
a bookshelf our brains have to process
this and Anil Breen will be home yeah
can we talk about that that's my
favorite scene in the movie is the the
awkward boring droll phone conversation
well sexy karate is happening I think
he's supposed to be like who she's doing
sexy karate but he's just strolling
talking on the phone about like yeah
we're open we can say I think that's I
think that's supposed to be a contrast
though like he's trying he's trying to
have the business call but he's
distracted no we don't teach kungfu we
teach karate
I think he's talking that kids parent
because he's like no no no don't go to
that level yet like to learn this first
we teach karate it's also weird and then
like yeah cuz we're seeing him and then
there's a mirror in the foreground
so you see her in the reflection of the
mirror she's doing she's just like in
like like an empty void like the
lighting is so bad it looks like she's
just floating in space so this leads in
he takes off and then leaves her still
at the studio or the dojo and then the
rival gang break in we think I think so
I don't our hero assumes that because
the rival gang guy said something like
I'm I'm gonna get you one of those types
of things
think break in and then you're thinking
oh god this is gonna be a rape scene
because yeah from the 80s then she takes
the rap handles herself really well the
important thing is he tracks the
perpetrator down after the cops have
already surrounded the perpetrator yes
and so then he shows one of the cops out
of the way I think so he is he kicks the
cop out of the way so he can kick this
guy's ass the cops are just gonna let
him do this cop and the police don't do
anything about it they all just stand
there watching with their guns drawn and
that disco is great too because the the
table and chairs that are in there it
looks like a like a mall food court and
then the art on the walls makes it look
like a like a roller rink but I guess
it's a disco oh god I wanna you know I
wanna say this everything is ugly yeah
like literally every piece of clothing
every hairstyle every person Ashton
every wall decoration every bit of
architecture everything is disgustingly
ugly every mustache yeah it's lit
horribly - it's just like a big
spotlight behind the camera yeah you can
have this like some weird remaster of
this where it's like remastered in 4k
and you'd watch it again just be like
you
what is this who's in the wheelchair
what is happening is that his wife now I
guess this is why is it worth wonder why
is the wife dying the catalyst for the
revenge you know I'm gonna kick
everybody we find out the lead
characters wife was murdered
and we call we got flashbacks to that so
is it implied that the rival school guy
was responsible no it's never just a
random it's just a thing it's just the
background for this character that
doesn't pay off in any way
well first we flash back to him
discovering his wife's dead body right
and then we flashback after that to them
like frolicking on horses which is like
no you do the reverse of that yeah we
have to see them together and then he
discovers her dead and you put this at
the beginning of the movie instead of
just randomly dropping it somewhere in
the middle or just don't have it at all
rhyme or reason it doesn't factor into
the plot at all he's got a kind of
vengeful spirit about him because yeah
he goes after that one guy he fairly
says a Napoleon complex right boy I miss
tough and I'm so tiny yeah you would
know this often I'm so tiny
don't don't use that cutaway or use the
cutaway inside so after a few like
fights it ends up at this karate
competition yes is someone writing
competition that we haven't been
building towards and hasn't really been
mentioned yeah it's just the thing
that's happening yeah Frank Zappa Donald
Sutherland the director yeah wins wins
the trophy he catches the the creepy Dom
DeLuise guy with his trophies like what
are you doing
I mean it's a very like believable like
murder scene especially when they cut to
him laying on the ground after Dom
DeLuise his life as he ever didn't blood
and he's nothing on his face or head at
all we got the People's Court theme
he doesn't assume it was Dom DeLuise no
Dom DeLuise did it the rival karate guy
had nothing to do with this yeah but it
instantly goes after the rival karate he
gets in his Corvette with some other one
other student and sets out to find this
guy and then goes to a barbecue I check
once I have one time only there I'll
just hang it out on someone's place yes
oh he's getting in the water yeah that's
production by wet clothes there's some
good old boys sitting out on the porch
is sure they're here little apart he
beats the shit out of everybody and then
one of the guys offices have nunchucks
yeah at the barbecue let's go get messy
just leaves in the middle of the fight
like fight it's still going on he's like
I'm gonna get my car and leave I think
this was around the point in the movie
where I started to realize that the the
post-apocalyptic gang from the beginning
of the movie just was never coming back
yeah this is like the entire second half
of the movie this is the best part it's
the most epic cartoon this is in say
oh my god you know there's the
occasional like mini ramp which is or
like a fruit like booth just like in the
middle of a field it's made out of
cardboard boxes like it goes on and
escalates but one of my favorite parts
about that is when they get to the big
city and you can just see masses of
people on the corners watching the film
shoot yeah well it has that feel like it
was shot in Ohio yeah somewhere middle
of Akron oh yeah do you see Akron you
see like Cuyahoga karate school or
something different areas of Ohio yes
actually they put a lot of effort into
it like the environments and things like
that just in terms of shooting and
shooting time but yeah it just ends up
well I was gonna say it feels like that
kind of like like the small town like
all bands together like hey yeah yeah
but that was probably in the front page
at the newspaper several times ya have
car chase through the middle of town Oh
God 35 miles an hour big Hollywood
production it's the most exciting thing
to happen in Ohio since that river
caught on fire on the DVD itself it says
shot on location in entirely shot on
location in LA it does it is not shot in
LA is like Jon Favreau's Jungle Book
mm-hmm where was it filmed entirely on
location in Los Angeles that is the old
place life taken why this cuz you know
the footage looks like shit right now
so they filmed the movie in Akron Ohio
and then they put it on like a VHS tape
they flew that telling the Corrado TV
movie was Charlotte's
holy shit fuck were we with that vet
what a waste
oh no he's just gonna run away good
thing is mustache protective steel and
motorcycles now hooligan Scooby's baby
blue velour like lounge suit on
motorbikes
what did they crash the cars and then
they run and find these guys to kick
people off motorcycles and then holy and
then it keeps going into a motorcycle
chase and they are driving so slow at
points like the one that's chasing the
other could have just gotten off his
motorcycle this ran up to him
the Bert Pesci guy is constantly wiping
out on the bike like he can't control it
but yeah I don't know who could if
you're not a stunt driver at driving a
motorcycle through water
oh my god I'll be careful
you're fucking thrown in chasing each
other through a waterfall and they like
end up in the air very fell over again
okay both okay
the bad guy should really just say why
are you changing
it's kind of romantic he hits he hits
velour tracksuit guy and then I guess he
falls off a cliff no no isn't he like
holding out his hand you guys are
missing the chainsaw fight oh Jesus
Christ oh shit this is really good the
background oh yeah shit these guys are
fucking nuts looks like the end of Mandy
what we thought it was like a fake
cheese it flies out of his hand at one
point hits the ground and you can see
the smoke and everything yeah and then
there's an axe on the ground
shit the woods yes he's gonna find a gun
really going at it
oh that was so he probably actually died
they just work that into the movie as an
excuse this is the distributors like
here's another 10,000 kill someone well
he doesn't them going to jail so maybe
the rest of the movie is just a
documentary
there's so many movies where the movies
over I'm wondering how the hell did this
not end in like a five-year long legal
battle yeah yeah there's no consequences
usually like every movie where a ghost
kills somebody who's getting the blame
just tell the cops it was the ghosts
right oh there's the pumpkin demon
officer you kind of with me your friends
are all dead you're the only survivor
yeah come on well five hundred dollar
fine sentence for killing a man the
children grand theft two counts of Grand
Theft Auto and one count of manslaughter
that's just $500 bucks yeah so it's a
big celebration no smoking and then
Donald Sutherland shows up again and
he's dead he's got like a neck brace and
like almost very comical he's like OJ
Simpson and the naked guy just keeps
getting injured I just really one of
them now light up cigarettes including
the kids and just well building just
explodes cuz why not yeah which is why
the no smoking sign was put there in the
first place yeah flammable karate school
it was the alternate title for the film
the flammable karate selector is good I
would take that movie now it's next to
the turpentine in fact
for a karate school instructor who's
probably the first and last film he ever
made really kill the guy on set of
course it's the last thing we ever made
it'll be the first and last Wiggy ever
wears that's probably not true she's
wearing his hair
our next film is through dead eyes
starring Star Trek's James Doohan Scotty
Scotty from Star Trek that's the whole
thing is starting Star Trek's James
Doohan aka Scotty from Star Trek that's
the full credit yeah rich explain
through Jedi yeah through dead eyes as
obvious from the cover here stars uh
James Doohan Star Trek's Scotty yeah and
he plays a guy who shows up twice in the
film because guy in chairs they filled
them at home on his easy-chair our
actual star who looks like several
different peepers Campbell David Tennant
and Matthew Perry yes with no talent
my friend is dead well he's he's a
terrible actor and the character is a
terrible terrible person as we'll soon
find out yes he has to team up with a
psychic to stop a string of serial
killings against her will a blind
psychic a blind psychic this is an order
from Chief of Police Burrell fret it
says that I'm to bring you in for
questioning this this is a movie about a
detective who takes a blind psychic he
kidnaps her brings her to his apartment
won't let her leave for days until she
agrees to handcuffs her and gags her and
those are laying on the floor of his
apartment and they love to get Stockholm
he yells at her I will stop why won't
you help me
he emotionally abuses her very demanding
Mogi he lies to her he says he's gonna
take her to the police station
said he takes her to the morgue to make
having a stroke she's big joke she's
experiencing the death my clairvoyance
tells me she was killed she's
clairvoyant she also does charades well
that's the whole thing is the eye she
can touch someone and then she has
visions of of how they died of how they
died or whatever so yeah meanwhile
there's a killer loose that that is
terrorizing the town yeah and you know
she keeps having like visions of this
killer we also get to see the killer
who's coming up and the killer's
trademark is crushing someone's throat
yeah soaking them to death he's
unnaturally strong obviously the killer
is a man a woman is to be human is too
weak movie makes it very clear whether I
have no strength before were strangled
by a male believed to be very strong
their throats were crushed that takes
better than average hand strength and it
rules that a woman is the killer the one
thing we know for sure is that our
killer has to be a man yeah with an oil
it's a man with an eyepatch no less well
the killer's wearing it's very I think
the I don't know who this guy I looked
him up he only directed this one movie
but I think he's influenced by like like
Dario Argento like Italian jobless stuff
because the killer has like the black
gloves he has a staple of those some of
the death scenes are very like stylized
like the lighting gets like colorful and
weird and and then yeah he's wearing him
the killer who's definitely a man is
wearing a mask with an eyepatch on it
and James Doohan is also wearing an
eyepatch tonight it's never explained
why isn't iPad you because red herring
because red herring yeah cuz yeah so why
he's where James Doohan is it's because
his face is a mask
are you saying it's not really James
Doohan it's somebody in the James Doohan
mask it's actually George Takei
we need some more famous Oh God what so
what I'm I'm retired he had to remembers
lime the yeah detective he goes to visit
him because he was the detective of the
case
eight years ago the killings have
started again now yeah he never caught
the killer and the newspaper made a
point of mocking him horribly and
calling him a failure in the newspaper
article there's a picture of James
Doohan which is a promotional picture
from Star Trek and it says distinguished
career ends in failure
yeah and James Doohan in this movie he
is amazing he is the the performance of
a lifetime his first scene is so
embarrassing so bad oh my god it's
because he's like he comes to the door
and he's like like he looks like a
insane person but he's like he's doing
this like gruff voice and we're like is
that him trying to cuz he's like my wife
is sleeping upstairs and we're like is
that him trying to like whisper and he
talks like that through the whole movie
so I guess not no you saw you almost
imagine he assumed it was like a pirate
movie exactly you know what's strange
James Doohan in this he just make me
realize how good Cameron Mitchell is
when he phones in his scene I said
that's that's what I want to mention in
relation to talking about like Italian
movies too is a lot of them will have
like for a couple of scenes they'll have
like John Saxon or like Cameron Mitchell
and then so this is this movie's version
of that where you cast the name
celebrity in a small part because it
should be Cameron Mitchell really
where or or you can see it as James like
this movie shows just how good James
Doohan is at being Scottie oh yeah for
sure James Doohan did not give a shit
I'm looking miss RuPaul richer guys have
the same shirt James Doohan is a
terrible actor I'm saying in this he did
not give a shit I think he's trying but
he's this really bad whole thing made me
afraid be afraid he was just really
tired there's certain times for he's
kind of going for it but he just doesn't
have the time yeah I don't think he's
good you don't think he just didn't like
glance down to the lines five minutes
before they shot ya there's again he
just spend most of the movie in a chair
and that's clearly a sign that he
doesn't give a shit but yes so he's he's
a gruff old crabby man and he plays a
character that's but this this led to
the great debate during the screening of
this film we have a movie that is a
murder mystery mm-hmm and we have three
characters oh yeah there's no red
herrings does there's no other heritage
two other characters appeared to be the
protagonists true so who is the killer
until we're introduced to the woman who
owns the costume shop yeah well that's
jumping ahead quite a bit I guess that's
okay because nothing else happens in the
movie but yeah an hour into the movie we
meet yeah because he goes to the costume
shop to see if they have the masks that
your killer is wearing well do they know
it's a mess
yeah the psychic can see the final thing
yeah that the murder victim sees she's
looking through dead eyes the dead
bodies that our hero forces her to touch
and then she starts doing the Oh her
overacting yeah she's like and three
and
she over acts being distressed
traumatized and then our detective over
acts being an asshole yeah which really
makes this an uncomfortable movie oh
it's true this is that quality of the
clairvoyant actress when when so there's
a knock at the door and she opens the
door and she looked right at the person
who's you know arrived at the door and
then the rest of the scene she's like a
certain point in the scene I think you
can see the moment she realizes she
looks away but yeah like because her
character is kind of under distress
until she falls in love with him for no
reason but it comes across almost like
she's being forced to act in this movie
against her will
yeah our psychic she has she has two
clearly defined powers mm-hmm she can
see the last images of a dead body she
touches it or if somebody's about to die
she she sees what they look like when
they when they when their death match
you can see they're doesn't ask yeah but
the twist it leads to the twist of the
movie because whenever she touches
detective the reason she falls in love
with him it's because she sees that the
Riddler oh they're they're cuddling yeah
they're together they're together in
their peaceful oh this will work out
nicely completely forgetting how her own
psychic powers work you can see the
twist of this movie coming a mile away
but every time it's such a dark ending
you just assume they won't go there what
screenwriter in his right mind would
kill off are really sympathetic
distressed psychic she may be
clairvoyant but I don't know how bright
she is because what she does see like
the death mask hurts all right the them
cuddling they're cuddling in like dark
dead soil
lying on the ground here here's our
peaceful future maybe we're gonna live
on a farm or something yeah we're sure
we're camping in a suit and fancy dress
yeah so the only reason she falls in
love with him just because she has
visions of them being happy together
she's really just seeing their dead body
yes yes with a mixture of Stockholm
Syndrome right so then the detective
visits the costume store and like we
mentioned this is the first time we see
this old lady and she just happens to
have the exact murder mask what do you
want to be a warlock or how about the
Tin Man yes you'd make a fine or
detective detective Sam Spade secret
agent perhaps I am a detective that's
the directors wife that's the only
excuse for this this nonsense if they
were to do a reboot of this I would I
would cast Tilda Swinton in her role oh
you can cast Tilda Swinton in every role
that's right she played an old man in
our area I'd watch it all Tilda Swinton
version of through dead eyes she esta
wat watch like years and years of Star
Trek to get down she's wearing a green
sock on one of her fingers like a
digital book no she actually enlist in
the military and goes to war and loses
one of her fingers in a battle there's a
nice cute touch when they go into the
costume store and the first thing you
see on the wall they decide when they go
in there completely inaccurate Star Trek
uniforms oh yeah I think that was I
didn't think that was an easter egg I
think those were probably just there is
there a William Shatner mask or was it a
joke Mike Myers mask oh I bet you James
Doohan was just like I don't want a
fucking Shatner mask in that store but
he wanted the back he was on set for one
day
she did it and she seems odd and off and
she's probably the killer well it turns
out she's the killer and he's also James
James Doohan's wife time my character
talks about their their wife and for
multiple scenes you don't never I think
he's just embarrassed to talk about his
wife because she works in a costume
Laura and also she's a murderer she's
embarrassed to talk about him because
she's married Scottie did she have any
family family would family that a girl
paint her face like an Indian would
family let a young and attractive girl
wear jeans so tight that's the problem
there are no restraints no one holds
back are you his girlfriend are you a
slut a sluts like Dana Carvey but then
yeah that's when we discover she's the
killer and she's wearing the stupid mask
yeah it's comical once she puts it on
yeah then she uses her Darth Vader hands
she's unnatural bored to death
toxic Avengers it's not explained at all
she's unnaturally strong and at one
point the detective breaks in or comes
into his and she throws him across the
room into the wall yeah it's like where
did she get the strength from but the
psychic says no wait stop I don't see
her death mask she she isn't allowed to
die she's not going to die I guess right
even if you continue to drown her so she
only sees the death of you know the two
of them yeah and she's at the she's
burying two bodies in the daytime in the
cemetery cemetery and every time it cuts
to them it's like clearly night with
like bad lighting
like did there just happen to be like
I'd find a freshly dug grave like there
so there's a headstone yeah the dream -
the tombstone is aged beyond belief that
looks like has been there for a hundred
years maybe she dug up four previous
corpse maybe she dug her up her own
corpse I did there's a tombstone there
this clearly like been there he's done
years and there's like a new hole a new
grave dug I just tossed it somewhere
broad daylight window of a daylight the
previous body is directly under them
yeah you didn't dig all the way you go
you fix the plot this movie is flawless
when you think about it they've thought
of everything so that the grave she dug
is four feet under and after she's done
her her cemetery duties she arrives back
home this is the exciting moment with
Jay
- Hannah's the gun we get on the back of
the box and this acting scene between
the two of them is there really it's a
combination of somebody overacting and
somebody just wanting to nap I coulda
said it should have been a John Waters
movie yeah her performance in that scene
is is I think Mike mention that it's
like something right out of a John
Waters film it's beautiful perfect a
perfect thing in the eyes of God it's
camp because your camp most of the movie
is kind of dull like it's not horrible
it's dull and it's stupid but her
performance in that scene really pushes
it like it should but it should have
been a creep show bit yeah yeah yeah
this whole story should have been
shorter a shorter Creepshow bit so maybe
she shouldn't know where those glasses
or Mary James
like we've just spent like an hour and a
half discussing the first two movies
we're gonna we're gonna trim the fuck
out of that because we're gonna talk
about Neal Breen now I you know I don't
know if there's as much to talk about
with this movie as there has been in the
past
this is almost like okay now we get it a
little bit mmm it's assembly the most
coherent no Breen movie we've ever
gotten
yeah he's blossoming as a storyteller
you bring yeah what the fuck are you
talking about I'm saying this movie Neil
brain is becoming the best storyteller
that Neil brain can be mm-hmm okay
that's fair yeah I think I think Neil
brains brain needs to be donated to
science yeah they need to study while
he's still alive yeah saying what every
48 seconds a I will reach a level of
self-awareness and able to consider
complicated thoughts and have sensations
the final human invention a I artificial
intelligence thank you you know they say
like films are kind of like a look into
the the filmmakers mind yeah in some
respect and you just look into this it's
just madness yeah you could go mad you
can drive yourself crazy looking looking
for answers
the forces advancements in AI far
surpassed anything on earth synthetic
brain power I have no brain po twist
twisted pair is a movie about kale and
Kade two twins kato kaelin what hail
hail and Kade okay uh two brothers who I
think were abducted by aliens and turned
into some kind of AI human hybrid I knew
it was you kale it's pretty good which I
don't need right off the bat I didn't
understand that how are they a I they're
still humans well this is some alien
intelligence AI I don't think he
understands what AI he doesn't the
aliens took him and his twin brother who
was also him right when they were young
and like turn them into super a eyes but
they're also still human
so there refers to himself as humanoid
even though a humanoid is something that
resembles that discards Neil breathe did
you see his hair that is not human you
know that is that's gorilla hybrid
humanoid transcended that's something
they didn't mention the movies that the
aliens transplanted transplanted gorilla
hair on his head it's dry straw artists
performance in the movies is here and
the scene it's so tense because you
don't know if the hair is gonna blow up
or not yeah I can't take it it's Oh God
the hair is just struggling
and it's gonna blow down the street like
a newspaper the movie is called
twisted-pair I always imagined like if
you think oh that person has really
twisted it's like they go strangling
cats or something it's night someone of
someone that's twisted
but in this movie they're both just kind
of boring assholes it's boring like what
is this guy doing he's gonna Community
College every night and wandering around
sneaking around and there's part of the
movie it's not a community college
though no Mike on the movie it's it's
it's a restaurants it's a it's the
government built an alleyway
it's an alleyway and it's all just on
that same front step area yes yeah it's
a universe that is entirely comprised of
abandoned community college campuses if
the entire universe this movie takes
place it okay looks at one point they
show the background and there's two
fucking moons you are so incredibly
brilliant you mean the world to me what
planet is the song it's like the end of
Mandy except that's in the middle of the
movie yeah and it's just it's just I won
Sean that's never like a metaphor for
twisted-pair I mean that is yeah the the
parallel and then I will say this is his
most lynching in film oh my god there's
lots of like surreal like this apart
with what's the David Lynch would say no
I'll be right
Boal shit
total fucking bullshit
what there's the what's the the villains
name that changes actors at one point
was cool but he goes to coozes house and
it's like a mansion who's this very
lynching yeah yeah all that stuff where
it's like there's a woman wearing
butterfly wings or something is this
like eating artificially lowered voice
yeah they fuck with his voice that all
feels very touching his ghostly petting
his diamonds he's obviously stroking
them it's not costume jewelry yeah he
has a bull plastic plant dollar store
diamond that he carries around with him
everywhere coozes empire is planning the
takeover of the earth and also has three
sentient ceramic cats that's right yes
yeah so that and then also the idea that
there's the doppelganger thing that's a
repeated thing and David Lynch's stuff
yeah he's something weird about those
cats because they keep rotating yeah you
know figure eight it reminds me I just
wonder if Neil Breen like heard about
that thing that happened in that Museum
I think it was in Britain or something
and there was this I don't know if it
was a cat statue but there was a statue
and security cameras we would capture it
rotating occasionally oh that's and then
they'd come in the next day and they'd
see it like rotated like you know like
90 degrees or something was Neil Breen
behind it no turned gray turned out it
was like construction or something
outside wow I always wonder if that's
where you got the idea
zak bagans construction noise big
jackhammers it's like for Neil brains
next movie or their first cats are on
eBay right now yeah crowdfunding but
there there is yeah the the the dual
sort of thing going on with the two
brothers Who am I
what am i what's happened to us and then
you have the two brothers sort of you
know love scenes and they have parallel
lives they parallel lives and they're
parallel love interests and the first
one is is him they're following a woman
to her house this is really creepy well
he bumps into her in front of the
homeless man and his rubber rats no you
look like a filthy alley
that's his friends that's the homeless
man's friends excuse me excuse me I'm so
sorry he's he's being a real fucking
creeper yeah who won't leave her alone
he's like no hey you want to go for a
drink you know just like leave me alone
you creep whatever and then she she
walks home he starts following her I'm
gonna hurt you now you're mine now I'll
teach you to ignore you were supposed to
meet me at a fish
you can't fight me why is that painting
there it turns out it's just a game they
were playing yeah it's even worse if
it's a border before that yeah he's like
like he attacks her and she smashes like
a painting over his head how often do
they roleplay and how many paintings
does she brilliant over his head maybe
call her beforehand and said you know
did you make that painting at a balsa
wood and painting frame and you know
because I then I'm gonna call you bitch
three times
bitch bitch bitch you don't know the
part of the appeal that they have to
pretend to not know each other in front
of homeless people is that a part of it
yeah and in front of rubber rats these
two rubber rat supply the homeless guy
and we don't know is the homeless guy
crazy and just has these rubber rats or
as Neil Breen using them as pranks
they're supposed to be his mind that
scene is like a filthy alleyway that's
the idea that's how a very clean
community college guess that's of the
Community College for the entire fucking
movie is filmed the very new Community
College they just built last year its
pristine yeah was he trying to do some
weird contrast with his evil side well
we get that contrast because we get a
really similar sea scene with Kade kale
and there you know like passing us like
whatever turian woody which makes it
evil
they have like a weird fight scene but
it's real because they're both strung
out on drugs apparently
and like he pushes it off the bat this
is a mistake like her and then she just
kind of awkwardly rolls off the bed yeah
but he tries to smack her and then
catches some of the wine bottles I'm
wondering if you actually hear the sound
effect but when she smacked him she just
like catches his hoodie but this is like
his version of what like an alcoholic
drug-addicted couple relationship they
just have tons of bottles and pills like
bottles yes yeah it's like it's like a
student film or something that's it's
like in every aspect of like you know
whether it's that or other acting as
Neil Breen just seems to be like
constantly impersonating a human being
yeah as opposed to representing a human
being yeah I trust you completely
it's like he doesn't know how to
impersonate a human being it's just
that's cuz he's above human being that's
there anything through all of his movies
is that that he's here to teach us I'm
the way I am the web yeah I'm the best
that's ever existed he's got a Messiah
Complex yeah I mean that's every one of
his movies yeah but that's what the
weird thing about this is like is he
starting to be conflicted about that and
that's why he developed this other
character the only one that can take
down Neil Breen is another Neil brain
I'd say that because I thought they were
gonna have a fight at the end they never
have a fight what's going on here is
like it's actually kind of interesting
really his double down
he's just the badass yeah it's Finn's
it's fantasy Neil Breen and then you get
like to pass through the last one we
watched yeah and he still thinks very
highly of himself but like the crazy has
started to creep in I have eliminated
300 million humans from the planet today
in human terms I have killed them all
these were humans that were harmful to
other humans he takes a dark turn in
that movie where he just comes across as
a guy who wants to see the world burn
yeah and and here in twisted parrots
like he started to become self-aware of
that
yeah and so he took all of the negative
aspects of his own personality that he's
developing ah that's just a separate
character time to like exercises he's
right it's like he's trying to exercise
his crazier thoughts it's like Superman
3 is like the evil version he's not
self-aware as a filmmaker
no but he's like it's like he's becoming
self-aware that he's crazy yeah yeah we
does have the Messiah Complex but in
pass through as well as this movie he's
he also has a real apparently a real
connection to animals while developing
further and further in a humanoid state
over the years
is he supposed to be the stomp these
nuzzling but not enough of one to
actually be there with the animal yeah
badly I think more than that is a
connection to green screen yes good
morning
have a nice day uses a lot of stock
footage that he kind of be more great
super self into a la I mean that was
what it stuck stood up to me the most in
this movie is it's like he just
discovered shutterstock.com you know
yeah like he's just discovered that
stock footage is a thing that exists
like the army guys where he's like oh yo
that way which has nothing to do with
the rest of the movie I guess that's
just to establish that he is like a
savior follow me
they can't hurt me you won't get hurt
follow me
he has to be somewhere at this point
right that is a question that they all
cannot answer this is too much
he's overplayed his hand you know rich
you underestimate crazy I don't believe
it I don't believe it
well he does not know he's the super
badass made by the aliens to be super
badass and then he works with some kind
of agency that he may or may not be the
head of and the aliens may or may not be
ahead yeah fight all of the evil in the
world yes
which his brother was also created to
fight all of the evil in the world but
didn't do it quite so good and then had
his power is removed and then became a
now but even though isn't good at
fighting evil still fights evil by
kidnapping corporate guys who are very
just blunt and and honest about the evil
thing thank you stolen cars millions
embezzled from charities all the
politicians we've been paying on oh
we've been politicians off for years
I was getting passed through flashbacks
at that party yeah and their corpses
multiplied I think this is supposed to
be other people that he's killed we
think but he just yeah he just copy
pasted the same three people over and
over
speaking about pasted there's a lot of
like phony mustache yeah and you can see
the spirit gum kind of bleeding through
well that's what I'm saying it looks
like like scotch tape yeah yeah and it's
like the light is constantly shining off
it and there's two characters Mike's not
here it's it's like Spock in the mirror
universe well that's the creepy part is
the of the other guy yeah the the the
businessman or whatever with the fake
mustache and then later we have another
character played by the same actor from
that scene yeah he plays another
character later in the movie and he's
wearing clearly that same mustache like
they just reuse that same disgusting
mustache he's a master of reusing
everything he can oh yeah as I say Leo
Breen doesn't cut out anything he just
reused his stuff to get the movie longer
dialogue scenes shots Eagles everything
he can reuse the special effects over
and over to
the jump
even when he's falling down he jumps up
and immediately this is and sheep now
this is how humans go back oh yeah
that's a great moment where it's like
neoprene didn't know that like it's like
he doesn't even understand what sleep is
it's not like oh I woke up and startled
I'm gonna go back to sleep it's like
he's like he like he has narcolepsy and
he just passes out yeah sleep now like I
was like Microsoft or Google like they
had they tried to have like the the chat
BOTS they tried to teach to communicate
with people is that your dream they
should vocalize the little Clippy guy
with no brains boys it looks like you're
having trouble here what do you want how
can I help you do like text-to-speech
but you could get it in like Neal Brut
you could get an article in I steal
brains voice it'd be great if there was
like a novelization of twisted-pair I
would buy that and read it just so like
it's just literally just you've just
randomly banging on a keyboard no it's
like separate words technology
artificial intelligence all the
novelization cyborg warfare biological
DNA biological cybernetic warfare what
is he saying I I bought the novelization
of twisted-pair it just says all work
and no play makes Jack a dull you would
find the novelization of twisted-pair on
Amazon be like like buy it right away
and you open it up and it's all lorem
ipsum anyone no rock I'm ending this
these are just shots that he already had
again it is oh well that's a good thing
so or is it a good thing
this guy what is it the the story of
Kade returns
I guess he fell in love with this
character that he created for himself
because he wants to have him return hey
we all felt I just hope it wasn't
heartbroken when he had to murder his
girlfriend oh yeah right did that happen
yeah oh yeah they shot each other it was
only business what
right
that's like Romeo and Juliet yeah bitch
bitch bitch it's been established it
he's like a super bring and that she is
super being or superb reing being super
super green he can't be killed so she
tries to shoot him yeah but a sequel
could be good well you know we have so
many unanswered questions if Neil brains
watching I just hope that you film in at
Nevada State College again right I hope
the sequel is like full of like the
classrooms are full of students just
like who is this guy what is he doing so
they can do in a lecture about making
blockbusters so he wasn't scheduled to
make a lecture he just walks into the
woods very confused who wants to work on
film why do you want everyone has the
right to be loved everyone has the right
to love and peace
I'll be right
bullshit well this is the point of the
night where we pick a best of the worst
Colin what is best of the worst I've got
to give it to twisted-pair I think
that's just the most entertaining movie
of the evening I'll followed I would say
by the instructor Jim well these two
movies have really bad artifact and
quality you know there was shot a long
time ago the quality's just isn't there
the quality isn't here either but it's a
newer movie so it's easier to watch
these movies here are people acting
badly Neill brain isn't acting badly
he's impersonating human beings which is
terrifying so I'm going well you know
there was some strong competition
tonight really solid but you know Neil
Breen is just at the top of his game
he's the man is untouchable he's not hot
streak right now Neil Breen is the
Michael Jordan of bad cinema I know
you're being sarcastic about it being
competition guy I enjoyed all three of
these movies I mean I'm not being
sarcastic like we watched three quality
terrible movies yeah I think we're kind
of bored through some through dead eyes
but yeah I I really enjoyed it I mean
it's terrible but it's like I could see
the the alternate universe version of
that where Sega Dario Argento film and
it works yeah for sure and then the
instructor is just yeah the second half
of that movie distances it's it's a
crowd-pleaser they say I think most
other nights
Bert Pesci would have ran away with
Hello absolutely awkwardly ran away
really fast but yeah I mean twisted-pair
is it's almost like you have to like
Neal Breen is almost beyond best of the
worst at this point now it's kind of
like he's always gonna win you know we
kind of saw that and I'm thinking we
could just have the discussion just
about that yeah yeah so if we were to if
we were to take that out of the equation
yeah I I would probably go with through
dead eyes but I would say the instructor
really time yeah I enjoyed through dead
eyes like I said I can see what it could
have been I would say three dead eyes
too because the ending really was a
twist yeah like if it was a more
competent movie that would just blow me
away like it was incredibly stupid but
we were engaged throughout like trying
to figure out the mystery we're like it
was stupid enough for the
movie and it was stupider than that it's
amazing that a shitty movie can still
like hold you captive to like figure out
the whodunit quality of it yeah yeah I
think everything else about the movie
for me was just so dull - - borz is dull
yeah - I've been really active terribly
unlikable protagonist so - if it's if
it's between the other two
it's a tight race it really is but part
Pesci and that amazing chase scene yeah
wins out this is that yeah and the
instructor is like classic good bad
movie stuff nothing in this movie ever
reaches the high no more genuinely
engaged by like the story kind of but
the instructor is like the story of the
movie
