May 3, 2019
Twister's Revenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uara5ZBTXQg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1124349624175792129
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156378186172634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-twisters-revenge

Oh what you got there oh it's a beer
from Milwaukee Pabst Blue Ribbon
established in 1844 state of Wisconsin
go Wisconsin established in 1848 Gold
Badgers the beer is is literally older
than the state of Wisconsin and you know
what i drinking but after watching
twisters revenge I had to start again
thanks guys
yeah hiding there it definitely won't
get crushed by the truck
oh my god happened to me here 30 days
sober then I saw twister again well
welcome to our spotlight episode we're
doing one on a film that's we watched
many times years ago but have not seen
in a long time I didn't think I've only
seen part of this movie okay well this
is twisters revenge shot here in
Wisconsin unfortunately by a filmmaker
named Bill Rebane he also directed the
giant spider invasion what cameras mine
oh the middle one we've got four cameras
I don't know what I'm looking at you
know what's weird is when we have less
people we have more cameras
you're right Jay I think twisters
revenge is such an early b-movie that we
watched that got us into B movies when
we when we would buy the the the the
fifty movie pack from the esteemed
company Mill Creek F Minnesotan company
you know what's Mill Creek because you
see the stamp in the movie area they put
a watermark on the film yes so we didn't
know why the watermark appeared we
speculated that a lot of the movies were
probably public domain twisters revenge
might be in the public domain I don't
know but yeah every 15 minutes or so the
watermark would appear so you didn't
steal it off their DVD and put it on
your own DVD pack so it was probably
some guys job out there to to manually
make that watermark appear every 15
minutes or so and then go away okay it
was somebody's job yes just hit a button
to make it appear you hit the watermark
button yeah anyway so yeah we haven't
seen twisters revenge and probably about
eight years so we decided to revisit it
for a spotlight episode which was a
terrible idea
I disagree you called this a blacklight
episode yeah a spotlight you shined the
light on like a stage performer singer
somebody look at this amazing look at
this amazing thing a black light you
shine in a seedy hotel room to find all
the semen stains and blood bodily fluids
appear under a blacklight so this is a
black light that it's semen right that
is everywhere because no one should ever
see twisters prevent this this is one of
the most sad movies I've seen like like
look this is like not embarrassing not
not not even really so bad it's funny
just sad well it's sort of fascinating
because it's it's we've often talked
about the worst kind of movies as far as
bad movies go or comedies failed
comedies because they're never you can't
ever like a so bad it's funny comedy
it's just so like pathetic but this one
it misses the mark so badly at trying to
execute its comedy that you almost
forget that it's supposed to be funny
so it kind of comes back around so just
be generally bad I would would take a
slightly different approach to twisters
revenge and not say it's a failed comedy
but it's a it's a failed we had this
kind of movie yeah and then and that is
its own special category where you can
tell a movie was made because they had
this thing or things or access to this
we have access to a monster truck and
there's a parade going through town at
the end of the month they have access to
a lot of things the third of the monster
truck that the titular monster truck
twister twister is the name of the
Tehama is is the obvious thing but they
also had access to so much more
primarily the big one is a comedic
talent no Kelly yeah they make a left or
right while you facing east the West hey
I hope on the same side of the street at
the church but left to the side am I
facing West they had no access to
comedic talent they had access to up to
a world-class screenwriter
no they had access to a guy who blew shit up
yes
they firstly like it's a it's a it's a
stepladder of explosions basically the
film is just built around that yeah not
so much the the car driving over other
cars which it does every now and then
firstly put fireworks on a door right
then they put in them ma T on the door
and blow the door apart and you're like
wow look at that and then they just keep
allowing you one scene after next when
they bit but there's clearly like a fake
little shed house that the the twister
drives over right he demolishes the
house the chicken coop how I can coop
the girlfriend in the chicken coop house
yeah and then our one of our lead bad
guys the Joe Pesci guy his parents house
which is like a fake house in the middle
of a cornfield or whatever blowed up
oh my god God everyone's dead then they
move up to a real house here we go oh my
god and then a gigantic barn
well the we open in the middle of
nowhere Wisconsin what's the tone
Gleeson I think but we should for anyone
that isn't familiar with Wisconsin we
should say there's there's Milwaukee
there's Madison and then there's the
rest of Wisconsin which is nothing but
fields and farmhouses well technically
there's also a football stadium
somewhere up north that's true in the
middle of nowhere in the middle of
nowhere there's just a football stadium
yes yeah but the thing is once you go
past that you keep driving up and
there's just nothing but people and
trucker hats and old farmhouses we open
on a County Fair where we see some
monster trucks doing their thing and we
discover twister who is owned by a
cowboy computer you know it only gives
this cowboy penny and his girlfriend his
fiancee they get married early in the
movie for no real reason Smits later
yeah but she has a entire computer setup
in the back of a van that controls the
monster truck so the cowboy is
completely talentless and doesn't have
to do anything we basically find out our
hero is cheating yeah nothing has ever
mentioned about this but he's basically
cheating yeah man this sucker drove
itself never laid a hand on the
gearshift your steering wheel you sure
did one hell of a job controlling it
what do you mean all I did was integrate
the artificial intelligence system with
the internal logic unit so the computer
is driving the truck well is it cheating
like is driving monster trucks like it
do they challenge each other how do you
win it driving them no sir it's a
spectacle display there's not like a
semblance a a flimsy semblance of a
competition going on I don't know
anything about monster truck I would say
I mean we'll get some comments I'm sure
but I would say a monster truck show is
purely spectacle driven but I mean just
my neck look read to you I don't have
the answers to these questions the
people who would have the answers to
these questions are the star
of this films my questions lion why did
his fiance equip a monster truck with an
AI yeah
that's capable of doing much more this
is an amazing technology you know where
it would have made sense right hey you
know where would have made sense where
like like similar to a monster truck
rally a NASCAR race where you put an AI
in a NASCAR and it uses super
sophisticated like brakes
gasps brakes better but you know in
order to like out maneuver and out drive
everyone else to win the races that's
where it would have made sense where the
drivers like hey I'm John the best
driver in the world it is just like me
pretending to drive and the computer is
like you know accelerate to 196 miles an
hour stop choose you and it could win
every race with perfection and then they
just reap in cash cash and promotions
and sponsorships and and then they find
out that the AI those are hey I Drive in
your race car and that would have been a
story what are you writing a movie but a
monster truck requires zero skill yeah
to steer it to smash another coaster
operates just like any other monster
truck that we see in the opening of the
film it makes no sense they know a guy
who owned a monster truck and we had a
small town with a mayor who didn't care
about the safety of the public which is
which is release and police in Wisconsin
so yeah we have the monster truck and
then the plot of the movie is three
goofballs they want to steal it so then
the filmmaker is said to be like okay
why would they want to steal this
particular monster truck Oh what if the
monster truck has sophisticated
technology it's worth a five hundred
thousand dollars or whatever they say
that's a beautiful bet you got a few
bucks
two hundred thousand whoa most of its in
computer gear and they're the biggest
boobs this movie thinks they're the
Three Stooges they have the same
personalities do they the three students
they have individual personality there's
the tip the curly is kind of like the
big dumb one the the aggressive mean one
with all the plans yes he is Moe and
then there's just the guy that's Larry
the other one yeah cowboy walks into an
office and just blatantly tell some guy
his trucks worth $200,000 and there are
three wacky antagonists over here this
and the kind of the protagonist focuses
on thing is it's it's it's slightly
inverted you're it's it's like that
movie baby's day out have you ever seen
the film baby see now it except instead
of a baby we have a monster truck yeah
so they go to the carnival to steal the
truck well no look they want to steal
the computer but the computer isn't a
van yes but they can't get in the van
and they don't want to smash the window
to steal the computer because that would
be I guess immoral or something there's
always people around yeah but they're
doing a little shooting the rodeo and at
a real carnival
that's another what do we have what do
we have yes there's a carnival in town
and then later in the month there's a
parade they recreate them in the in the
stands clearly there's the real shot of
the stands where there's thousands of
people there's the actual thing and then
they have like 20 extras in the stands
on a day where nobody's around yeah and
there's just rednecks the grandmas
laughing along at the the wacky dialogue
that's happening before someone's
looking at the camera ever and then
there we see a baby smokey see he left
me in the bag is gonna pull out a
cigarette I guess it could be a child
we're all Wisconsin mullets galore
that's yes that's the important part
well it's in there's there's one guy who
we thought was was dressed as a werewolf
laughter but it turns out that was just
his face they can't steal the van at the
carnival they have to wait until he goes
on his honeymoon well no first they try
and break into his garage that's right
these fireworks these sparklers on his
door and surprisingly that doesn't work
so then there's a very awkward and
confusing moment where they they're like
we need to get something bigger and we
see the door blow off but then we see
them come out of the garage I think even
though they were trying to blow up the
door so they can get into the garage
rich he had a theory about it I think
they blew up the door to get in and then
we cut away and then in that time we cut
away they ran into the garage decided it
was too smoky and then we cut back to
him just in time them to come right back
out that's the only thing that possibly
makes any sense
who smokey temporarily because they
eventually do go back into the garage
yes and then they are scared off big
dumb guys gonna bust the window of the
monster truck because I guess now they
can just steal the chip or computer
components from the monster truck itself
even though the computer itself is it in
the monster truck it's in the van
and so big dumb guy takes a wrench and
is about to break the glass but stops
when they see a blue light pulsating
which scares them
oh he was about to but there was a
flashing blue light is amazed by that
fixed are they're supposed to be sound
effects just aren't there well they give
up they seem to give up on stealing the
computer you said now they're just going
to kidnap the wife and hold her for a
billion dollars ransom that's that's the
second phase of their plans so when they
want the million dollars do they not
care about the truck anymore why do they
think he has a million dollars but the
point is the cowboy and the lady have
their wedding a couple of bridesmaids
there's no one else there they leave the
church and there's a wacky chase that
ensues involving multiple vans that look
alike because the cowboy takes the lady
not not you think he'd drop drive his
monster truck his signature vehicle yeah
but instead he but hang some tin cans
off the back of it yes yeah you that's
your car that's the car you both share
together that that's your project you
know that he takes a nasty old minivan
and and then there's four other minivans
that look the same that pull out of this
parking lot and then we have a madcap
wacky chase the one guys riding around on a motorcycle and he decides to stop and take a shit on some railroad ties
that's the comedy that's the joke
oh was that funny
yeah
they gotta have jokes in there
he shit in a railroad track
what's the joke though
Joe Pesci says to dumb guy
lay down in the road because he's like
they're following me like he was
obviously it was the wrong van and he
well if they're following you then lay
down in the road and block that path so
he lays down the road and the van stops
and pulls over but it's an elderly
couple with a dr done by not elderly
people by one person doing - voices
probably could do an old man voice
big one sure use but his old woman voice
is so bad I thought that was the old man
voice and then the old man talked and I
was like is he just there they are they
both men I was very confused it was it
didn't make it was poorly done to say
the least but their scheme it didn't
work out the way they hoped and well
they made it worse because instead of
him just going Oh Ohio elderly people I
was just stretching my back yeah I got a
little nauseous driving my car I had to
pull over oh okay by the they pull
shotguns on them and then they let the
hair they stabbed the tire stop short of
murdering them so I mean we've well
established these aren't the brightest
criminals no they're not the dumbest one
his name is bear
well he did was his loan yeah my groper
no need to mic it didn't warrant a beer
pour on the hood it's bear Kelly and and
fat guy whatever his name is our
villains attempt to kidnap the wife by
following the van fails and so then you
know they lost track of her van they
just go to exactly where her van is now
in kidnapper and where is the van now
romantic honeymoon and so they just
parked with me in the woods apparently
right near town they didn't go through
fire
you
look it's hard to get a movie to 90
minutes by the way how long is this man
that's where they're trying to extort
him for a million dollars yes he had to
have his honeymoon in a van in the woods
like most millionaires do and we've
established that they have a house one
of them does because they were making
out on grandma's bed well you don't go
back to your house after your wedding go
to the fan this word and then they put
the girl in an abandoned mineshaft a
coffee maker that's dynamite next to a
comical a ticking time bomb which makes
absolutely no sense they were
desperately trying to keep the cowboy
away from finding her away from the
mineshaft they never once asked him for
money they in fact they tried to murder
him with shotguns many times which also
would would deflate their whole plan
yeah you want the guy who's gonna give
you a million dollars to not be dead so
you don't try to kill him with the tank
so around this point is when we discover
that yeah the twister the monster truck
is sentient and can talk he did it wrong
then bring brain breath lamebrain breath
he hopes the cowboy out of numerous
sticky situations the cowboy after the
kidnapped the the wife the cowboy finds
a match book that has the name of the
bar on it and he he assumes that one of
the crooks dropped the matchbook
she's a safe assumption sure could have
just been in the woods and they could
have found that massive matchbook in an
old coat from ten years ago
but he ties it right to the bar they
must have been at that bar and whoever
is in that bar for no reason at all
knows their plan yeah
so it goes to the Spiker bar and he's
like he goes up to a guy wearing a Nazi
helmet says I'm looking for information
I need some information I need some
information
here that's a target of information
so that's when they throw them through
the cardboard door gets throw up a
cardboard door twister comes to his is
aid by driving over everyone's cars
oh my god hold it that woman didn't know
her underwear was showing and the camera
just zoomed in it we take a little break
from the story from the complicated plot
of the film to just have a musical
interlude burlesque / drag / Jazzercise
drag I I think that may be in your head
because I said that the singer looked
like divine look all of these characters
their hooks for the twisters revenge
cinematic universe okay like like the
the presence of aliens so you get to see
the batboy movie here in the Wolfman the
batboy a twister story twister tail a
twister tail okay yeah so he go cowboy
goes to the bar to try and get
information about where these goons are
he takes the guy with the Nazi helmet
outside and we discover his his only
weakness as his helmet that's why he was
wearing the helmet that's why we beat
the Germans rich it's a light tap on
their helmets
let's mean bears to be in Wisconsin
makes me embarrassed to be a human the
production of it while bad isn't like
the worst I've ever seen sure it's
terrible the sound effects and sound
mixing is a god-awful the ADR is awful
but like the general construction of the
movie isn't the worst
it's just they did not know how to write
their story out yeah and make all those
things count for something destroying a
giant barn you know destroying an actual house
the concept of a science fiction monster truck that just crushes shit is something that could have done well in the 80s if handled right
yeah
whenever there's a building in the middle of a field
you know what's gonna happen
something's gonna happen to it
are these all in the same field
probably right
it's the director's parent's property
this is the advantage of living in a podunk town in the middle of nowhere
yeah
cuz you blow shit up
yeah
I'm gonna drive a tank down the street
they fire the cannon off and at some
poor guy he's like yeah they run right
over a car on the street and you know
probably damage the street I would
imagine that some gleason was just happy
to have a movie being shot there it's
gonna put Gleason on the map yeah a real
movie well the director bill romaine
Leslie mentioned he did the giant spider
invasion I looked it up this was one of
the top grossing movies of 1970 whenever
it came out really yeah shot in the
middle of nowhere Wisconsin so he maybe
had a little bit of cloud at that point
huh
sisters wrenches after he did another
movie called blood harvests and that
it's shocking that there that was like
right before twisters revenge
but blood harvest is is incredibly competent and fairly well done
so it's it's bizarre that twister's revenge is as bad as it is
maybe he was just like fucking around and having fun
maybe it was never done seriously
yeah
or maybe there's to bill redbanes
that both lives in middle-of-nowhere wisconsin
that's a more logical like
they're brothers they're both just named
bill like that Eddie Murphy movie the
distinguished gentleman you ever see
that I remember it
was that the plot
there's a senator that has his same name and that Senator dies
oh, okay
and so then he runs for office, and he gets in justbecause people recognize that name
oh okay
I'm saying maybe bill romaine who made the giant spider 
what
redbane
redbane, whatever

lettuce do another atke
maybe bill redbane who made the--
oh, god
fuck it
just fuck it
I give up
hmm
it's for the best
well I think we need to talk about the
big scene which is the junkyards legally
owned a tank that it can move why do
they end up in the junkyard I'll tell
you why because our three criminals lay
a trap well no they do lay a trap they
mention the junkyard but then they don't
go to the junkyard and the scene ends
here was the plan here was the plan Jay
oh okay okay Joe Bob
fatso you can do you lead him into into
the junk air there's only one entrance
and one exit
yeah they blocked the exit he's in there
they got him trapped
come on baby baby Joe Bob you lead him
into the into the the junkyard and bear
if he doesn't go that way you shoot a
bazooka at him and blow up then we'll
definitely get the money from him yes so
then he starts driving the monster truck
through a cornfield and the bear just
continually shoots a bazooka atom for no
reason
ten scenes later the monster truck
drives into the the junkyard unprompted
well we don't see it drive into it we
just cut to it in the junkyard
they just cut from a scene of cowboy
talking to the monster-truck and it's
just hard cuts to the middle of action
in the junkyard why did that happen rich
I don't know I really don't know it's
it's the kind of thing you think
somebody would have noticed but Joe
Pesci then says yeah why don't you go a
bear go get Kowalski's secret weapon or
something like that the big prize or
something and that turns out to be a
real tank yeah impressive and at first
we thought we were done with the tank
because the tank drives over a couple
cars and then and then twister leaves
we're like that's all they did with the
tank but no no why did they drive it
through the parade because they could I
made one real dynamite you were laughing
at that fake prop bridge they blew up
the mineshaft
at the end of the movie rubber yeah they
just had it next to that poor actress
she have no idea that's a very
disturbing thought because it's so
plausible I kind of think why make take
all that time to make fake prop when you
can just pile up a bunch of dynamite
alright we're gonna put all those
dynamite next to you for the scene and
then get that get that light on the
dynamite that bright and bright
spotlight put it right here the director
smoking it's not the directors it was a
kid from the baby baby baby new
directors baby she was smoking on the
set no little little baby don't
I mean they did a lot of impressive
things in this movie but it didn't help
at all
the overall movie
that tank could have knocked down the fucking the Sears Tower
and and I wouldn't have cared like for
real you know what I mean you know like
the most amazing like thing could have
happened destruction wise that they they
could have done in that small town they
could have rolled over City Hall and ten
houses and blew up the whole town
every person set every person on fire
the whole audience for real and I would
have all those Donald Duck's on the
great float all of them just blowing up
right through the air the guy put
dynamite and everything everything
everywhere
just the whole town up the tank just
crushed everything wiped wiped
Pleasantville was going off the map or
whatever was called and I just want to
win a hand you know there's an
opportunity there to fill a mascot
outfit just full of explosives movie
well the movie just kind of ends I guess
right mind blows up
well well cowboy and wife have some
dialogue back and forth like what's our
next Rocky adventure you know like you
and me and twisted they say something
yeah they were standing next to the
truck like Oh twister
what are we going to do with you I have
no record what I remember the other
thing ever not the endings bear and meat
plant guy just decided they were going
to violently murder mo all of a sudden
what murdering yeah look like what what
weapons yeah like it got very dark it
suddenly dawned on them that I don't
think this plan is gonna work after 90
minutes of failing at every opportunity
yeah it would be nice to see a blu-ray
version of twisters revenge why you got
to see all those pixels for when those
houses fall over it's a spectacle it
didn't it didn't I wasn't bored as
boring as it is I wasn't bored yeah
there's always stuff happening in
twisters orange which is what makes it
fun yeah and and its bafflingly bad yeah
plot wise and then that kind of like
it's one of those movies where you know
laughing you don't know what's going on
really you're just laughing because
you're so confused and that's fun too
that's a different kind of evil yeah it
had one joke that genuinely made me
laugh I think just because it was so
stupid which is when it might have been
a Joe Pesci guy he's at his parents
house and we got a cameo by Vicki
Lawrence's mama
but then is he's like he says something
about I'm 30 and his dad's like I'm 29
shut up
you haven't been excused I'm 30 years
old
you know it's the greatest
accomplishment of any bad comedy ever
that's true yeah they get a genuine
laugh out of somebody is beyond the
wildest dreams
normal b-movie comedy
so check out twisters revenge I'm sure
it's on you to turn on that black light
in a seedy motel room and you'll find it
