Aug 6, 2019
Plinketto #8 - Demon Cop, Alien Force, Game of Survival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4s0KT_z98A
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1158893623280357378
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156599549537634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-plinketto-8

Jay, where is our celebrity guest
I don't know I feel like we've been waiting here forever
we built the fucking doorway and everything
yeah
oh wait
I think I seen there
oh, shit
and get in position
yeah
uh, uh, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our very special guest, from The Ellen Show, its rich Evans
oh, my god
it's him
oh, my god
it's really him
it's really happening
he's really here
he's really here, everybody
okay, patton
we're gonna do some plinketto today
and, um, we're gonna watch some terrible movies
I'm pretty excited mr.Evans
so what we have
well our our first movie up here is called blood rage
and it looks like it's a Thanksgiving slasher film
it's just, the tagline is that ain't cranberry sauce
that was, that was back in those and this always got a holiday
slasher moving on we have oh yes well we
have alien force which and I can't tell
if the force itself is made up of aliens
or is it a force to stop aliens well
hopefully we'll land on it and we'll be
able to find out let's get started Duke
Nukem yeah oh my gosh he's in the Duke
Nukem pose Wow
alright and then our next one is of
course demon cop nuff said after that we
have mission kill Cameron Mitchell
although that title I hate to be the
grammar nazi' here but it's missing a :
unless it's about a mission itself being
killed but that should be mission : kill
so like a metaphysical action movie like
we have to find a way to kill the
concept yeah exactly
or we're experiencing mission kill you
know we we have we planned it out and
now it's not happening so we've got
mission kill I thought it looked like
him it is him I haven't confirmed that
is Robert Ginty oh I'm sorry
Ginty and Mitchell together yes Wow Wow
well we got your letters America we have
monster dog whoa a minute who's in that
one mr. Evans Alice Cooper Alice Cooper
in monster dogs aren't our next film is
Duke Mitchell's gone with the Pope wait
a minute do you mean Bela Lugosi meets a
Brooklyn gorillas Duke Mitchell what
Duke Mitchell was the Dean Martin -
Sammy Petrillo's Jerry Lewis in the
ripoff movie Bela Lugosi meets a
brooklyn gorilla where they play like
Martin and Lewis ripoff versions meeting
Bela Lugosi and a gorilla in a jungle oh
yes
Hey look man you know heroin doesn't pay
for itself what's next
well you should be familiar with this
one it's ratatouille oh wait reddit
chewing the dollar store knockoff of
ratatouille I hope I don't get sued for
this Oh which we're going to follow up
with Tim Ritter's killing spree oh this
is Tim Ritter's killing sim Ritter's
killing his it's his killing spree yes
okay so it's not Lina work Miller's
killing spree no no and so not Karl
Franklin's killing spree not Kurosawa's
killing spree Tim Tim Tim readers and
then what's after killing spree to end
dragon encounter twin so is that about
encountering twin dragons or the twin
dragons encounter something I think it's
two twins who thought they could star
and and you make an action movie
featuring themselves encounter that
doesn't really imply that something
exciting that maybe they just encounter
something then move on Liz that drug
deal over there okay well that's
interesting we encountered it and then
we're and then how do we how do we end
this smorgasbord what do we end on game
of survival
is that LEM room
oh it's level we found a lembreaux movie
oh now I'm excited who's who's LEM ro
LEM ro from alien Private Eye really
he's the coolest guy around easy fight
choreography by Anthony Julian Tarantino
any so many familiar names that are
completely unfamiliar yeah exactly it's
good to see Derek Zoolander getting work
I'm feeling tired today and I don't feel
like doing anything I don't have to
because I'm a celebrity guest so Patton
go drop that ball three times okay sure
yeah yeah go right up there do it okay
I'm coming coming up watch
flatters kind of oh it's fine it's fine
sure yeah okay one of these struts is a
little alright as I looked at it
yesterday it's fine okay um I just drop
it anywhere anywhere you want
all right anywhere okay come on fight
for survival demon all right all right
we're gonna watch that movie
I mean the plots in the title but okay
demon cop you know what he'll read you
your last rites uh-huh you know what is
mildly clever yeah Oh Cameron Mitchell
he's a movie he's not in oh hello and
with special effects from the creators
of Terminator 2 in Leviathan so does
that mean the creators of the movies are
the creators of those special effects on
those movies it means it was like The
Apprentice special effects exact we fed
it a coffee that had to go do all the
work yeah it had to mix the latex and
the guys who mix the latex on Leviathan
she has easily defeated a string of gory
murders a mad scientist trying to warn
of a horrifying blood disease that turns
men into monsters but it's all part of
the same line if the answering questions
of that situation
answers question took us one here what
so what are you saying me I was raised
raised in a Christian environment it's
fine leave it in okay keep going
don't stop no matter what you got 38
scenes to shoot a good cop turned into
the beast itself the nightmare world of
demon cop they're looking for you
tink I love you dear ago he was typing
it's a spec script for Cheers salmon
would he go to a baseball game we
created Cheers write the pilot I wrote
this role for you it's a show about
nothing
here we go come on game of survival are
we really gonna watch that yeah did you
have any doubt sir there's no doubt
about that here their food is always
guaranteed to be delicious
we came from a great distance because
everyone we heard from said the food is
great it rat a toy that's the truth it
was my second cousin Vinnie who told me
about the year um listen Brad I'm kind
of doing this internet show and they're
doing we're watching uh watching
ratatouille and I'm I'm making fun of it
I'm making yeah I know okay
but what the we're gonna you'll sue the
skin off of them yes I'll I'll say that
verbatim I'll let them know that
verbatim okay then we're gonna we're
shutting it off we're guys now I'm gonna
try doing it this side reverse
psychology
yes oh no this was a mistake okay so
alien force from the esteemed director
of V world matrix oh good alien force
ooh a fast-paced action film shocking
images mm-hmm when it was that one
sentence that's well that's that's the
person who said the quote was shocking
oh okay who I've never heard of so I'm
assuming they're made up yeah exactly
like somebody's like Ron forgue so yeah
I'm shocking images no and I say a
fast-paced action film I can put it on
the box you can't stop me says film
movie watcher oh god what Burt Ward's
best roles since Batman and what was
that quote that that Pauline Kael that's
right that's that's right under the
title so they thought that was important
oh yeah okay that's what they have to
sell this movie there are a lot of Burt
Ward completists out there and you can't
you can't you can't neglect that that
revenue stream oh my god that's him it's
so sad what let me see him oh that's so
sad No Oh Burt okay
Oh God and nobody would claim the Burt
word quote by the way oh god I love this
picture too
I think this is gonna be amazing
oh my god my god where'd he come from
did he turn him into clothes or cut him
in half
alien force is sci-fi action at its
finest its finest
Terminator 2 no it's a hit for a tour -
see - what a meteor containing the souls
of a billion predators crashes to earth
the ruler of praxis 18 pert Lord sends
an alien warrior trace
Tyrone Wade to our planet mm-hmm his
mission to track down the meteor and
destroy it for his archrival
gorrik shouldn't head all that cough
syrup
Wow finds it releases his evil brethren
to destroy our world traces helped by
the beautiful earthling sandy Roxanne
Coyne
I'm concerned that wasn't actually
breakaway glass as they are pursued by
the FBI and a vicious alien monster it's
a desperate race with no less than the
fate of the world at stake a new gorrik
would get himself involved in this I
knew it I knew it I don't know why I'm
surprised I'm super hyped yeah I'm super
hype okay our mission has become
volatile an enemy is after our objective
I don't understand
all right this one this is gonna be game
of survival I feel it oh god no oh god
no it's survival chances favourite us
and then finally game of survival heck
yeah
patent on board read this game of
survival his prize for winning is his
freedom game of survival is the story of
Zane a young rebel warrior from another
planet another alien warrior who is
transported to earth not capitalized so
you can so grammatically he sent to dirt
to complete in a deadly game of survival
against six of the most brutal warriors
in the galaxy are we getting a dummy
fall
no water on earth Zayn is prevented by
beautiful Cindy Sexton so the other one
with Sandy and this one is Cindy
together they conquer the Warriors and
when Zane is freedom major sport guys
they actually say they say together they
conquer the Warriors and when Zane his
freedom you know what they want you to
have a tension-free view exactly yeah
yeah this is something you can watch in
a float tank but you know at the edge of
the seat but they also want you relaxed
so they either let you know everything's
gonna be fine
Oh Mickey Hill Cindy Copeman I wonder if
she plays Cindy Sexton and Roosevelt
Miller jr. star in this gut-wrenching
act in action adventure thriller but not
that gut-wrenching because you know he
wins sue perb visual effects oh I
thought that was another actress in the
film sue that is a good one
oh hi I'm sue herb superb visual effects
and exceptional hand-to-hand combat
choreography
set this apart from other examples of
the genre that's what a lab guy would
say the effects and choreographies have
the support from other examples of the
genre so because it's so terrible please
make a note of that in my abstract
they're having the lame fight scene
oh so it's something new and a dumpster
I just know LEM Rose in it so I'm
excited good ok let's do this thing
this camera fades in we're just talking
chit-chatting right rambling just like
demon come completely rambling about
nothing pans not say anything I think
we've broken are you broken are we
starting yeah these movies were all
horrible I hate film now thank you no no
just won't come off fine all right
you're stuck here now you know how we
feel Jesus well thank you for coming on
the show Patton you're welcome I'm sorry
that this was the worst line of a films
we've ever done in the history of the
series
look I was really looking forward to
this I was mean afternoon we're gonna
watch some fun bad movies we try to warn
people and an hour into it I I just was
yeah I I wanted I wanted to have always
been dead that is that's how I felt I
wanted to have always been dead welcome
to my life
what do we watch it what is this are we
traveling are we going to the planet
what what is this are we gonna discuss
these in the order we watch them in or
does it even matter at this point which
is a language even matter
we just we could just make noise oh yeah
I don't know why we don't just make
weird clicking noises still more so yeah
demon demon cop not a cop not a demon no
it's wolf wolf man parole officer yeah
yeah I used to be a gang member and he
was my probation demon cop is the story
of a demon that has passed on to other
people through blood transfusions
there is a parole officer who was shot
in a drive-by and he gets demon blood in
him this demon blood causes him to get
revenge on people for things during the
full moon but he also turns into a demon
when it's not the full moon and that yes
that's true
oh my god yeah it happens in broad
daylight yeah he's demon in broad
daylight yeah that was only 25 minutes
long so let's go say how long into the
movie did it take you to figure out that
this is what the movie was about an hour
and a half okay the movie takes that
long to figure out that that's what it's
almost like yeah we and us and the movie
were on the same pace with each other
figuring out what was going on that
because the movie didn't even put it
together for itself yeah I really I
really think they liked the later part
of that movie like was the original
whole movie and then they figured out
this is way too short right ahead they
had to stretch it up they had to pat it
who are these swarthy going once ever
know what's going on we missed that
little piece of voiceover well now we're
really lost
so there's fog inside the building so
let's just take random half-finished
movies like like six of them cobble them
together patch patch any of the holes
together with like the back of people's
head and a VR dialog and maybe it'll
work you are faced with a demon that is
transmitted by blood a 500 year old
spirit of retribution whoever is
infected will seek vengeance from
whomever is responsible for personal
injustice the demon metamorphosizes in
relation to the progressive cycle of the
Moon and it was it was flashback inside
a flashback inside a flashback and
there's even a moment near once we get
to that final 25-minute part where the
demon very specifically says no more
flashbacks yes now is like the movie got
out first yes exactly yeah yeah even he
was enough I don't know if we can
properly explain in words how
incomprehensible the first hour of this
movie was
what looks great cool shop but didn't
link up to anything we just saw things
this was that that explains common logic
we were desperately trying to figure out
what the hell and we named the six
different move there were six different
films there was the blonde lady like the
the girlfriend / she was a girlfriend a
wife with the gun that was really sad
and their woman then there were the two
detectives a weird fight sequence in the
middle done point of view but also not
point of view where there were like a
chorus line of detectives yeah good as
kill where came out of the darkness it
was so bizarre it was like the movie
just willed them into existence and ran
beheading
just the news
completely random beheading up the end
the only one all right that's right wolf
cub or cop that's the thing
I'll give this movie credit there is and
this is all by accident I won't say that
I won't give the director credit for a
skill I'll give the movie credit for
capturing something by happenstance
where in attempting to do a Robert
Altman shot they failed but did a nice
David Copperfield illusion actually kind
of nice yes oh my god I was warning
areas of the German accent your city of
is an alien you're not you're not
shooting people
ma'am could you get up ma'am could you
get yeah ma'am you're in the show
where'd everybody go
no now this what ma'am oh and then there
was the fake psychic lady who we don't
realize is it fake psychic until the guy
calls her a fake psychic the end of what
at the very end of them in the
wheelchair I guess I wanted to know if
it was him all along in all actuality
you're just a damn good actress
and not really a psychic psychic she was
used to be a gang member and she used to
be a gang member I thought she said I
used to be a gay man who he also didn't
know was in a wheelchair until the very
end of the very very your dialog may
have also been a demon cup at some point
and yeah exactly like she knew either
but I couldn't understand it was she a
demon copper was she a gangbanger who
lost her legs like she was a former
gangbanger who became crippled who
became a
cop and then became crippled yes and
then became a psychic that has meetings
with the cops in a morgue yeah why was
she in the morgue for like a he's in
like maybe a scene but that's the guy
that he's driving and the guy hits his
windshield and wolf that's demon cop was
it was demon wolf cop knows he's got the
guy who lands on the hood and smears
cranberry sauce okay we didn't know that
his demon cop when that scene happens
and we didn't know that was demon cop
until an hour he was like into the film
and by the way the three dangerous gang
members that he fights they're dangerous
gang activity is loitering and then
hassling the mailman yeah those are
there those are the things that they're
doing punishable by death yes he is a
demon cop he is a demon cop except he's
not really demon and he's not really
exactly is the parole officer officer I
will say though after the first hour
where we had no fucking clue what was
going on wearing I'm wearing a Hawaiian
shirt where did you get that literally
in Hawaii he just reached over and
grabbed it in Hawaii like wolf cop when
he reached out an entirely different
thing he's not a demon demon don't turn
it demons during the full moon he's a
werewolf god damn it and he reached him
from the woods to grab his wife who was
indoors
okay the conversational detour and
coldest act that you just saw where Mike
started talking about his fucking
Hawaiian shirt for no reason and then it
went nowhere and then he came I can they
just perfectly recreated the flow yeah
dialogue and plot demon copy you just
experienced what we experienced watching
this movie in real life you're one that
is literally how this movie proceeds
yeah where they begin a conversation or
a scene and they cut to an unrelated
scene where something is making no sense
wait wait we have to reenact that but we
all have to be turned around so you
all right or agreement so we just near
man Rainer deep reached in from outside
to grab his wife we can't hear what
you're saying and he had the framing the
either frame from the eye up or in one
case cuz it cuz you pointed out they
clearly couldn't get that German guy for
the one seen sitting on the bed and
perfectly and insultingly like frames
his man boobs while he's sitting there
talking on the phone and like I just I
just picture the actor going I get to
keep my dignity in this right like oh
yeah don't even worry about it yeah yeah
don't show my face show my boobs yeah
Norma myths Craigslist under myths a
section on Craigslist yeah myths or
moobs okay if the authorities in Denver
think these murders are gang-related for
one second they've got another thing
coming just run by a program that would
just randomly generate sentences but
then the last half hour is the best
thing ever oh he's driving driving No
why did this movie something and amazing
hope that happen just be thankful it
happened they finally got all the
exposition out of the way it only took
an hour this is the comeback of the
century we have to the last half-hour
was you're right
not only was the last half-hour of the
original film it's the one film one part
of the film that it's not dim it's
actually takes place in daylight
holy shit
this is fucking amazing
hell yeah
and but their scenes that are clearly just
the makeup test for the demon and they'd
had to work it into the narrative well
that's the weird thing is I guess the
demon cop can't talk so he uses a
typewriter and types up a note to his
beloved later on he talks and even says
like when he bends that gun burgos I
could finish that I can name that tune
in one note yeah
and we're like what does that have to do
you have to point out that there was a
game show that like no one under 1500
watch I can name a tune in 100 he's
going forward watch alright is that like
a like a action liner I think that's
supposed to be like is supposed to be
like except there's no justification
dozen yeah context yeah it's not quite
lineup at all but he but he types up a
note to his ladylove and she reads it
but we hear his voiceover as the demon
cop reading the note and he sounds like
Cookie Monster the makeups not too bad
but we theorize that they only had like
a day or two where the makeup looked
good and then it just started to tear
yeah yeah and that's why they didn't
have it for the rest of the film I think
we're all exposed to use this once yeah
doesn't look so great for the end action
scene that takes place in someone's
front lawn
although the close-up of the neighbor
yeah it was
well well demon cop has a moment of rage
and he picks up a lawn like an outdoor
table and awkwardly throws it and then
we cut the neighbor lady that we'd never
seen before or after it wasn't who is
the by the way that's the most horrified
anyone is at anything demon cop does and
and up to that point he's beheaded
people and you know and no one is as
horrified as when he throws lawn
furniture yeah that's the most horrified
reaction in the whole we took the glass
off the table yeah just throw in the
frame it's okay Kathy hypothetically
could they have filmed a TV screen just
to disguise the fact that they didn't
couple the other different movies and
sometimes it's shot on video and
sometimes it's shot on film
sometimes it's shot on super 8 it's all
a mystery I think there's less
labor-intensive ways to hide that rich
always finding the thing I miss never
underestimate the power of stupidity
yeah that's true
shall we point out Cameron Mitchell our
homeboy Cameron Mitchell opens and ends
the movie these are the files of the
Damned the stories of those poor
depraved souls shot in his house cuz
there was another movie yeah yeah yeah
the tomb
it's that sign I saw I saw the reading
light and I was like that's from the
tomb as you know your own recent studies
involve myths of ancient blood drinking
demons can we pause cuz I'm gonna need
another one of these I'm realizing my
soul is screaming right now you were do
you regret this with every five I really
do I couldn't I have a gig tomorrow
night my last gig was on Sunday night I
could have flown home been with my wife
and I stuck and drove to Milwaukee and
stayed here you guys come on not worth
it you miss right back please include
all this and the thing I want people to
know
any other
any slumming celebrities
like I'm gonna be real
I'm gonna connect with the YouTube generation
I'm gonna go on this fucking
no
this is a fucking nightmare
holy
doing th
mou
fuck
uh, we're moving on to alien force
and now we're done with alien force
and let's move on to game of survival
uh, no, mike
alien force
what's it all about
well alien force is Burt Ward's bus role since Batman
silence
gorrik is the last of the Jadeveon soulsuckers to avoid capture
according to the tape 
they put him in a little rubber hat
including to, according to an unattributed quote
it's ron ford's mom
yeah now there's no there's no actual no
one claimed that quote we've seen that
quite a bit on movies that we do on the
show where there's an unattributed
no we delete many times yeah
it's like they're trying to trick people
alien forces filmed by Ron Ford a famous
director starring film star Randall
Malone random alone
since area Oh Carmen not you and a bunch
of other guys rich you were saying the
the cover looks like some sort of nuke
Dook Dook Dook oh did you say nuke Duke
I did Jason expert he's seen a video
game system no well oh my god someone's
gonna use that clip that's gonna nuke
them it's the low buddy you should say
that's a rich Oh what's the toy story
for character Duke kaboom right Duke
kaboom the Canadian Evel Knievel ripoff
okay alright so Duke kaboom stars hey I
am for us and we have Burt Ward aka
Robin Ward as we usually call from he
plays the the omniscient emperor of the
universe who is also wearing some kind
of vampire helmet go now and don't screw
up
but omnipresent pricks and I and then
they dragged him out into the middle of
the desert they had six minutes to film
Burt one yeah I'm just picturing that
though where it's like they you know
they throw them in a car and they drive
out to the middle of nowhere and then
that walk yeah to where they ended up
filming the scene and they don't forward
thinking all of the tire tracks and
footprints day to make sure state no one
go beyond this one because we need yeah
these shots of Burt Ward with no you
know disturbed has to have a
believability clause it has to look like
an alien world yeah yeah do you know
what Burt Ward was thinking he was
thinking oh god I hope this is how it
ends
although I won't relate I'll give him
credit though I do love that he plays an
all-powerful alien being as the most
annoyed life-form in the galaxy where
he's because if you were an omniscient
all intelligent being it would be like
dealing with idiots that's that would be
your life and it would drive you insane
and he is just oh that's kind of I kind
of like that it possesses inherent
fighting skills cunning lightning
reflexes nerves of steel things which
you lack in abundance but what you'll
need to complete your assignment is
nailing this part this is his best role
since Batman register don't be prison
Proximus on it it's it's also kind of
like the camera Mitchell thing where you
here's this here's a name you know and
then they they're in one location and
they're in two minutes of your movie
space cup can you hear me
it's me the chief of the space police
yes hello can you hear me yeah they were
smart enough to figure out a way though
to make the most efficient use they
possibly could have burnt Warren because
he's constantly showing up on dude new
comes wristwatch now it's a handheld but
he's always just a really iPhone that's
what they used to look like it's right
yeah but they can't take the effort to
like motion track it like you see his
hand move and the bad
that's just so newbie is like okay they
try yeah right and there's some there
are some martial arts sequences that
actually look like Oh some they really
landed or they worked out like and in
the same sequence are a couple of kicks
and punches that look terrible and then
in the same sequence a couple that look
really good like wow they have
and a very very bad alien costume oh now
he's gonna fight the alien yes please
yes kick kick fight the alien I mean
it's a terrible problem yeah what if it
was an alien in disguise wearing like a
Halloween alien costume and maybe the
actual alien underneath there looked
really good and we just didn't see it
because it was wearing a cheap raw a Lia
basket right there is that part when we
see the alien like like completely
shirtless and all they had was the alien
masks and latex body makeup ragout right
right it was in charge of that price to
them for going through the effort of
actually using the body makeup yeah
that's true yeah the other t-shirt a
Roswell New Mexico t-shirt and this has
these have a connection in that there is
a street gang at the beginning that is
the most diverse street gang of like it
almost feel it's like an old prospector
that will be a better movie this old
prospector has found a way to gather
like there's a skinhead there's an
african-american guy there's a weird
kind of New Wave looking dude there's a
Latino in pajamas he's from the pajama
game the pajama gang what who else is
there's so many differences though
there's like a redneck like Lynyrd
Skynyrd looking dude yeah what we were
saying it was like a cyrus from the
Warriors I wanted to unite all the gangs
this is his dream except that Cyrus
should be an old prospector yeah in the
desert that's who's gonna gather them
all up yeah one of the rare movies where
all of the goofy comic relief just makes
you immediately tired
or a comedy scene this somebody thirsty
tonight I see wake me up later I'll just
cut that part of the frame out replace
it
I'll just put a still image of you
watching the screen okay like whenever
they go yeah you got like this'll like
nothing I'm like can they just go back
to either punching or talking about the
alien planet cuz this is death the hotel
guy the that superstar that's movie
what's the name film star Rondo Brandel
Malone Hush Puppies
I understand I really do and then
there's that other weird guy that comes
and talks to him and there's that that
was the director that was Ron boy Ron
horn that was a legend we know all these
characters Ron Ford has a great film
called deadly scavengers this this isn't
our first Ron ford low
but run Ford knows quality he made
v-world matrix and he's desperately
trying to achieve terminator there's
elements of the hidden in this there's a
lot of like jumping into other bodies
the borrower it's just like stuff that
they got Mme they got some pretty good
martial artists to do some fun scenes
that are genuinely fun to watch and then
they went the Griffith Park and kind of
kicked each other for a little while
yeah yeah the movie made sense should we
talk about the AG the MacGuffin by
number guessing there's an egg bad guy
come to destroy earth good guide to
protect Earth it's Terminator with
aliens instead of robots from the future
and Sark and and and and very very bad I
mean and then he he ultimately he
defeats I want to now I want to say good
Nick enough I think that's a girl from
now right that's his name he's giving it
up his or his um he just kind of punches
him to death
yeah he rips off his arm but doc did
that is way before he defeats him though
the arm is almost the guy layout which
has got the hole that he throws his own
arm to knock the fuck gun out of his hand
he disarms him with his own arm
did he throw them in the water that
destroyed the egg it was the same water
that the bad guy was gonna use to awaken
the egg yeah yeah that okay yeah there's
a thing where there's a circle we'll get
there
but if you put something in it freeze
the mantra somehow they know both of
these areas from the lake and the lake
by the way is broken it's gonna be in
the news tomorrow Patton Oswalt and
checks himself into mental institution I
saw so many people fighting in the woods
by the end of tonight I don't remember
what area because we're about to go into
I was gonna say this is that black
mussels no that's a whole other method
different film that's a different this
is the point we're at where the movies
are blending together see they're all
blending together
another thing that didn't help us in
terms of Tonia's part is I wonder are
these are all late 80s or 1990 films
yeah so there was a very there's a
homogeneous conception and all these
songs of what Punk's are like what like
alien technology would look like it that
kind of blend there's not even a
homogeneous depiction of gangs in the
movie what are you talking about what
I'm saying is eat but each gang each
movie that has similar non homogenous
versions of gangs in the movie because
remember in the late 80s it was all like
yeah because because they all these guys
knew about gang fighters was from like
watching Michael Jackson's beat it video
or like where they would always have
multiracial gangs
yeah yeah there's even the bad jacket
yeah oh my god Oh bad is a it's an
acronym I guess we never learned what
it's for but badass dude this is the
most embarrassing
badass dude okay sure
so the acronym for bad is something
longer that means the exact same thing
yes okay all right rich all right rich
what does she know how to hotwire a car
was an old boyfriend taught her to hurt
her scuzzbag old boyfriend my god this
makes too much sense are we starting to
miss demon cop at least in demon come if
you didn't like something had changed
every two minutes another movie well I
do like the fact that it alien force
ends with a static shot of bird walking
away yeah into the desert in a wizard
costume well then well that was him
walking off the side and it was yet he
was every frame of footage we have of
Burt Ward he's leaving he's going to
yeah they did they did have to use every
inch yeah every frame of film is shot
they're gonna we're gonna overusing it
mr. Ward well that's something to point
out because then that right it's using
every inch of Burt Ward was a different
film I just like that alien force ends
you
game of survival games of survival well
you know what under the - it's like
picked your own title it really it what
do you want to be called yeah what works
for you yeah I mean it was one get your
own shoes your shoes your own time you
know what movie two titles are fluid
fluid it depends on the person watching
it yeah you know well game a survival
pet no no my favorite movie is jaw good
okay the plot of game of survival a lot
of game of survival weirdly enough is
involves an interstellar spherical
object that is being sought after by
various characters they find words in it
it ends in a fight in the woods although
in this case this is a very cranky
live-action version of those Street
Fighter games where they introduce a a
collection of interstellar badass
warriors with different skills who are
then beamed down to earth and one of our
warriors we saw at the beginning lives
in a a weird it's an alien planet but it
looks like Earth in the post apocalypse
because there are cardboard covered dune
buggies and when I say cardboard I mean
there is a clear shot when they're
closing the top of it where you can see
the shipping instructions that for the
for the washing machine that the Box yes
the whole yeah and then they chase them
this is this car gonna rattle itself
into pieces before it even gets to them
Oh looks like it really should have hit
them and he is put into a prison and all
of the other top warriors eccentric
because this this guy is a killer this
guy is the middle and our hero is sent
because he throws poop at his jailer
which makes him one of the most vicious
beings on the planet but the thing to
remember about game of survival and this
is outlined by the aliens in the
beginning they gave all the exposition
to the characters that we couldn't
understand okay we're good take over the
galaxy okay easy to film and the
abandoned warehouse district wait a
minute is this this is involved another
alien egg well at a later point in the
movie they come back to him and it's not
only that that you can't understand them
because of the filter they have on the
voice it's like they lowered the volume
it's like an Andy Kaufman prank
the movie was fucking with us
yeah
there is, yeah
it comes to this weird dramatic point
and they cut back to the ship and it's just the lino glowing but very very
quietly earth that's it that's all you
hear I know was this the film with the
bar and Burbank
yes this includes a scene inside of a
bar called tinhorn flats which is on
Magnolia near Buena Vista and I used to
go there all the time when I lived at
Magnolia and Lincoln and it is actually
a delightful kind of country-western bar
with swinging western doors a they make
very good cheeseburgers they have a very
nice bar and they have two very nice
pool tables which
is so clear when you watch the fight
scene that the owners went you can shoot
in here
you cannot slam anything on these pool
tables because the the two guys are
fighting and I've never seen another guy
laid more gently onto a pool table but
he reacts as if he's just been slammed
with like a hundred pounds per square
inch of force it's the weirdest thing
nice to live right near this bar I know
what this bar is I'm not kidding God
holy shit
are you an extra in the scene
i don't know
I would have been nineteen
oh boy
oh, my god
do you remember a night when weirdos show up23
remember this well that's the whole
movie is just scene after scene of
characters fighting it's basically
Highlander like it's like there can only
be only one so it's yeah the they're
fighting til there's one person left to
have the ball but we don't know what the
that means they won the contest but what
does that mean don't think it beamed
back about the ship and the edits the
honor is the head alien going you're so
cool I think so and then the guy goes no
you suck how dare you how dare you and
then he just kills him so the movies
written by a teenager like right and
then okay who are the Warriors again
it's our hero yeah LEM Rome oh we're
calling him lembreaux because it's the
same actor in this movie he's called
yeah something so I don't think he's
inner struggle like Andrew Dice Clay
bass yeah there's the Peter Peter
Dinklage then there's that then there's
a little person who's the weird bow and arrow warrior
yeah
then there's the muscular black guy, um, with the Jesus chains
he's the one with the chains
yeah
just like in um demon cop
then there's the the fight choreographer for the film who looks like a Ren Faire
he kind of has this
delight but then there's the other guy
there's a guy that's a turkey like the
big muscular guy with a big turkey leg
then there's the punk black muscles of
this the guys white black muscles and
white muscles that's a movie Idol punk
the one who screams at the chicken I
mean are we missing anyone else well
you're missing the female lead insert
comical name here
oh I feel ashamed for that but man what
was her name though in the film indeed
sexes in the Sexton in the sex town but
played by Andy Sexton played by Cindy
coat man oh I need to go next door to
pick something up for my friend
okay mm-hmm that lady can act why did
they put you in prison on my planet
Elvis impersonation is illegal which
means that the actress we're gonna deal
with being called a different name like
right respond yeah you should
oh my god yeah maybe she was called like
Darlene and I meant she just never does
like this action scene where they're
trying to tell me what else she only
responded to her real name nose and game
of survival needs to be have credit too
because they really really leaned into
filming the depressing San Fernando
Valley Hollywood apartment building
horrible depressing Lobby and their
crappy elevator it's there to go up two
floors that's it and then the super
depressing apartment where she
inexplicably has New Wave concert
lighting behind her yeah right for no
reason this movie in this movie feature
women with very depressing apartment art
really grim ate like late 80s you know
like just go buy it at Spencer's gifts
pressing art yeah depressing uh like
like the chessboard with the wine glass
like grows on it or that kind of look it
just really we it's like you your brain
just stopped what are you trying to like
you were about to make a joke and then
your ass down
Wow too depressing I won't sit well I'm
watching a joke dying your frontal it
has the precinct you'll get it out skim
a minute let's give them a second won't
you please help your donation if you can
so Mike's Joseph's right for the phrase
email do it for the price of a cup of
coffee you can help Mike what is the
building everyone who lives in apartment
the precinct
what is the building everyone lives in
don't like everyone's obsessing earth
what was the joke just a joke I don't
know it's it's like it wasn't even a
joke my god your brain shut down making
an observation
I feel like Burt Ward in the desert
annoyed and wanting to go home yeah yeah
famous rebel features a woman named
Harley who could not be hit in the head
more oh right
face of a film she's punched she's
clobbered a head and shot in the head
and we know right yeah alien ports oh my
god you see this is what these things
dude erased no no no he's right
no alien oh my agent it's both movies
are about aliens who come to LA look for
a ball
- look for a ball and then they end up
in the woods with a woman yes in alien
force he takes the woman to his planet
in game of survival he stays on earth
yeah the woman
it's the greater that's what makes them
different man is true yeah one time just
tonight there's a time you're holding
the ball at that time you're the most
awesome warrior and deserving of the
blessing the ticking clock element is
when they run out of film remember with
the first check to cater it bounces that
a bird
this has been a wasted day a wasted day
thus wasted life for us yeah this is
every day for us fast forwarding to my
my daughter when she's in her 40s going
remember that summer when I was 10 it
was just that day you missed that one
day yeah you missed a special day in my
life because you were watching LEM ro
beat a guy in the woods you literally
you came to from literally the worst
max-eye funeral my daughter's gonna show
these three films and go this is the
reason that he lost a day with me and in
the summer of 2000 but you know you know
I I need to I need to track down the
movie that I thought I missed my special
day for I need to see what it was oh I
was Bert Ward's best roles it really
wasn't your father didn't love it okay
we're done with these
I guess yeah
this is the point of the session where we pick best of the worst
mike
what is best of the worst
oh my god
what was this all of them
oh
dude
what
hop yeah game of survival with Lamar oh
but why patented pressing building
everyone lives in Mike the depressing
building that is life I will also say
game of survival only because it had a
coherent plot of I like the idea of
bringing together six or seven extreme
characters and having them fight and
they found a good structure to do that in
and the appearance of tinhorn flats was heartwarming
but, of these, I actually didn't like, I liked, I, I, I disliked alien force more than I disliked demon cop
only because demon cop I could, I, I, I, my interest was, kept going, what in the fuck is happening
like I truly didn't know what was gonna happen next
this movie is all terrible, but nothing, no terrible element lasts for more than two minutes and then it could be something else
rich
jay
you're gonna hate me because I know what you're gonna vote for
you do
yeah
I'm going for game of survival
okay
I am
uh, demon cop, the, the end of demon cop is amazing
it really is
the last half hour
but first what felt like seven hours is
associate to get to that it doesn't make
up for it no game of survival for aliens
walking around on earth which is
normally terrible there's there's some
hints of some fun things like some fun
characters all the action is terrible
the action is terrible but what I see in
game of survival is like somebody can
take this make something fun out of it
maybe sure well like I said it's like
Highlander basically all these people
duking it out whoever's the final one I
thought that was interesting and that's
why I'm giving it to game slash games
I'm surviving
alright demon cop is the worst thing
we've ever watched on best of the worst
and they might pick for best of the word
witness that is the worst thing you've
ever watched uh it's like that was here
for the worst thing you've ever seen
possibly we've watched a lot of horrible shit
and I think we've said
it's possible
multiple times that whatever episode it is, we've said it's the worst thing we've ever watched
demon cop might be it
the last half-hour makes up for a lot
the last half-hour I think is fucking phenomenal, demon cop
you know what
yeah
yeah
you're right
I am right
I'm changing my vote
oh, my god
what
whoa
from game of survival to demonc cop
and even though
the first hour is awful like we were we
never wanted to understand a movie more
that is true really my party gear it out
yeah it's like trying to crack a code
yeah the worst type of engagement
it is, it is the Antonioni of shitty direct-to-video films, where I don't know what the fuck is going on
if nothing else, the whole movie is worth it for the scene the demon Cobb throws a table
and they cut to the person and then the most horrified in the house it's not even her
table but she's walking through a table
I've had nightmares about this day so we
got I guess if you change the road that
we got to demon cops we got to game of
survivals why it's a tie should we
destroy alien foresters yeah yeah yeah
it wasn't like horrible, but it was kinda deal
it was a slog
yeah, yeah
sorry, sorry Ron ford
yeah
you'll see the clip, right here
what the fuck is this
you're not, you're not gonna cut away to anything
what are you doing
you're just gonna let me look like an idiot
I don't know what you're doing
cut to the clip
what clip
what clip
they're telling me I need to go back to the hospital now
say hi to Ron ford for me
what grown adult would wear a pac-man shirt
