Jan 31, 2019
Cybernator, Panther Squad, and Project Metalbeast
youtube.com/watch?v=yXNlNvZwBUw
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1090973769152294912
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-cybernator-panther-squad-and-project-metalbeast

Rich: Hey, everybody! I am here with comic book legend, Freddie Williams. And Freddie, last time you around the show, you picked out three movies based on the quality of their cover art. Well, you are here again to choose through our vast array of Sci-Fi horror and action movies to find the absolute best covers we have.
Freddie: Yeah, that's right. I went through all of your movies. Uh, you have a huge selection. I went through every single one to find the best cover art. That's why I'm here.
Rich: All right. And the first movie you chose Freddie was...Cybernator. So what, what is, what is what Cybernator all about?
Freddie: Cybernator, first of all, is the highest
highest quality image it's gotta the guy
from Prometheus and look yudice but he's
melting alright alright cybernator the
years 2010 so it's the future earth has
become a world where the economy has
collapsed the future and the government
has fallen and violence reigns supreme
all power has fallen under the military
control as military trained cyborg
assassins turn against them I can see
that happening by 2010 yes yeah under
the command of a renegade Colonel Peck
the cyborgs wage an all-out war against
all political and military officials
this is everybody yes everybody
indiscriminate the outlaw cyborg
assassins have just involved police
officer Brent McCord and his partner Jim
Weaver in the murder of a senator and
his stripper girlfriend it's getting
better every every sentence that I read
when mounting evidence points to the two
officers McCord and Weaver find
themselves the victims of a violent
shootout that leaves Weaver dead and
McCord searching for revenge we don't
even need to watch it
yeah at this point I see the whole film
in one line taking matters into his own
hands McCord searches for the answers
himself but when McCord finds out the
ugly truth behind the cyborg assassins
his life will be changed forever
catch the exciting action and explosive
finish of cybernator so stick around to
the end because it's going to be
explosive
all right you know what I'm done with
this these images on the back are very
intriguing that wait I like the this was
very popular in like the late 80s early
90s this sort of a chrome effect in
Photoshop it like Comstock as the the
gradient that's great yeah yeah okay
let's let's let's check it out
sister club music this scene was
imagined so much differently like film
noir with cyborgs CD is strip joint
oh god this is how it turned out okay
Freddy so our next film that you chose
based on the boxart
all of me was panther squad Freddy why
did you choose Panther squad well
there's two very big reasons she has
blond hair right that's adventurous and
then I like the color green and she's
got like a green vest on yeah oh yeah
right I didn't you know I didn't notice
the color of her jacket oh okay
I was too busy staring at her
what is this shots of civil Danny she's
outside somewhere beautiful and ready to
fight
sultry Sybil Danning stars in this
action-packed adventure as a sleek and
sexy agent out to bring law and order
Ilona the panther can turn you on with
her body then tear you apart with her
bare hands she is an unequaled mistress
of the martial arts and she'll kill to
prove it yeah that's right
get to the action I was that lady
smoking cutaways during fight scenes
you don't need cutaways just show them
fighting her mission begins when a
revolutionary anti-pollution group
sabotages the latest man's spaceflight
and kidnaps the standby pilot space
officials turned to AI Lona and her
panther squad of fruitless women the
panther squad must penetrate the rebels
fortress and kill the leader in order to
save the space program and the world
beautiful and sexy the panther squad
gives you non-stop action all right
running time 77
that's right you beat up all those guys
which ones gene Sybil Danning zanuck
give me some of that it was weird
because you made eye contact with me
what what's the opposite of the climate
okay Freddy
what are we up next we have project
metal beast DNA overload and actually so
for real I thought that this was a piece
of artwork when I first glance at it
because the claws are Illustrated pretty
cool but the the rest are just like
photos stuck in there oh man I feel
cheated all right so now I'm gonna read
the really extensive text description on
the back a highly secretive DNA
experiment to create the ultimate
warrior creates the ultimate nightmare
Oh
give him Roger what are you doing on her
I'm waiting for you I don't think we
should what you're doing sleeping how
long I'm gonna go home my shifts over
and you can't believe you said that oh
my god this new table is so so vast it's
a big table it's a big table it's round
it's awesome well it's oval in green I
mean you should know it's oval you made
it this is yeah this is the work of rich
Evans in this new table beautiful work
yeah so Freddie Williams is back yes
yeah I'm the best of the worst
we have our brand-new table too large of
a table look at all this it's awesome
what are we gonna do with that over
there look at all this real estate I
feel like there should be a giant turkey
there we're at like the kids table I
feel like the worst Thanksgiving ever
but Freddie picked on all three of these
films based on their beautiful cover art
so celebrity hits so cybernator is about
mr. eyebrows who does a lot of this kind
of acting and drove me crazy throughout
the entire movie but he's the main
character he's a detective him and his
partner are living in a world where
cyborgs exist and existed mingle among
people it's not an uncommon occurrence
to see cyborgs but basically the the
main character detective eyebrows and
detective japhet basically yeah the
effect code yeah yeah alien it is how
they got him he does a great job he's
laser and bullet resistant but only
partially not resistant yeah what they
go trying to look and see why there's so
many senators that are being killed it
is illegal for the military to have
cyborgs there so the secret government
man in his dark office sent his cyborgs
his military secret cyborgs to kill
senator so that they could pass the law
this is all stuff that's clearly stated
in the film I didn't just make up for
sure make sense I understand more than
you think
looks like your date has expired senator
you I definitely
it was a B I just feel like the senator
thing it gets abandoned I do that beg
the shoot out of the stripper that I'm
sure we'll get to but then then it just
becomes nonsense yeah the main character
can sure fight like he's some sort of a
cyborg this is exciting this is awkward
and then a like right after that he's a
cyborg
so it's Blade Runner meets Terminator on
a comically shoestring budget mm-hmm and
that's the charming quality of
cybernator that's the only charming
quality of cybernator it's it's so
charmingly pathetic that's the best word
to describe his pathetic
the senator said use the describe yeah
yeah yeah you imagine this atmospheric
like a little bit of smoke whispering
through a triangular-shaped spotlight
that's that's a casting basically like
rim lights on the outer outer parts of
the contours of people's faces and
instead what you see is just a guy
sitting in a strip club and there's like
empty seats behind him and like really
flimsy tables lights Christmas lights
Christmas lights lighting the state of
the VFW hall where they shot it and was
like a VFW hall with those those those
chairs the stackable wedding yes yes but
but that scene was was like shocking but
then like halfway through the film
there's a scene similar scene where
there's a belly dancer this woman of
size who was doing like a like a like a
belly dance thing in like a dirty alley
with like a fire going and like yes it's
homeless people and it looked like they
really took their time like lighting it
and kind of setting an atmosphere
the first firework that slowly by humans
bleed good and then at after that point
it felt like there was it was shot by
either a different director or it was a
completely different movie well my
theory was that was the first stuff they
shot because movies are not shot in
order and they shot those scenes and
then they're like this is too much work
it took them two weeks shoot there's one
scene it was there that was what they
had planned for the entire ship yeah so
they're behind schedules and like fuck
it for the rest of the movies space cop
yes alright so back to cybernator though
so we have the opening strip club and
there's an actual exotic dancer who
starts off and she's covered in baby oil
this it kind of scared me a little I
thought what is this movie going to be
because it was not very like tastefully
shot or anything it's just like sledding
flat angle and awkward her groin Euler
area was right down the barrel we'll
also the very first stripper she's in
front of a completely black backdrop and
she's wearing long arm length gloves
that are also black so for large
portions of it it looks like we're
watching an amputee we thought maybe she
was like like cyborg and in the making
like she had yet to get her her own arms
and they were trying to do a thing like
she doesn't have arms but she's you know
but then we're like that would have
actually been interesting to establish
like a need for consumer-level bionics
or cybernetics or whatever it was but no
it's nothing like that would've been
world-building yeah it's a cyborg
equivalent of like I'm only working here
to pay my way through college right it's
like I'm only working here to pay my way
to robot arms
yeah like nuclear fallout cause genetic
mutation so like girls are born with no
arms yeah the ones with no legs sadly
can't get jobs as dancers in the strip
club the ones born without breasts are
just shit on a lot how amazing are
cyborgs costumes yeah we're going well
that's the introduction of the strip
club scene need to see a wide shot of
the crowd and it's just like here's a
plastic shit I'm gonna put on your face
yeah here are these 80s sunglasses are
cyborgs yeah the introductory scene of
your movie shouldn't be the scene where
you've given up it's like a cosplay guy
at a convention just consult a lot of
cosplayers are way better than this oh
yeah eh but way more up there cosplaying
cybernator oh you see somebody who
doesn't look that good but it's way more
sophisticated than that his his story of
who he's playing takes a long time
you're playing the tube guy in the
cybernator oh my god that's amazing I
worked really hard to get that line of
definition the thing I couldn't take my
eyes off of was our lead actors face Oh
guys I wanted to he's very much a face
actor yeah this guy is just the worst
did you see that something is very wrong
and I can't face buses this is like the
first scene they shot and they said
don't do that anymore is it acting sad
it's like a like a bad Brando impression
or something yeah possibly the worst
we've ever seen um it's like me
underwears guy from the room started a
movie yeah well it seems you can just
tell like from watching it that this is
like a like ego-driven young actor dude
because his hair is like he's got the
pick just the right amount of strands
hanging down you tell like that was very
important to him
oh that's so embarrassing
is he gonna do the Harrison Ford yeah
exam they fucked up the timing of it oh
yeah the Wakefield work did it better
that Matt painting in the beginning
though oh there was one matte painting
Bladerunner level they spent they spent
all their budget they they hired a guy
to do a painting and then he said I'm
not doing any more paintings and they
dwell on it they're like lazy ones so
you can see the brushstrokes yes
although although at that point it's not
a matte painting it's just a painting
it's not technically matted onto
anything they're not incorporating it
with live acts on a composite image it's
just were suing in on a painting do you
think that painting is hanging in one of
the the people that worked on the movie
it's hanging in their house now do you
think it's painting in a landfill oh
that wasn't too bad of a painting I'm
not saying it no like the painting was
great yeah saying it's in a landfill it
makes me sad it's in a garage it's in a
trunk okay with with other like like
film reels it's in the trunk of the car
that's eyebrows man lives in okay
here they're too late for your meeting
oh no this guy keeps getting shot we
think we think that his partner is a
goner because he's been shot a couple of
times right by laser guy laser guns well
they didn't seem laser e at first but
then they got laser he's later in the
same scene they up the the laser effects
yes which is just a straight line that
they mad it in and then whenever they
start to stumble across this the the
greater plot or the greater plan which
is basically this has to do something
with the military we're gonna go talk to
a colonel or general whatever he was
there there's a lot of people they talk
to you in the same office yeah that the
office that they had was very patriotic
time to talk about the second I need to
talk about the real star of the film
which is the set design
oh look at this case this is a cave
that's rock oh how dare you think it's
something else
definitely not paper mache they have two
walls wood seems featured very
prominently and they repurposed those
walls many many times there's I remember
which said which set has the when you
open the door to go into the set there's
the signage on the wall pointing to like
the military guy yeah it's just like
biohazard testing lab that way or
something something like that but it's
just like stencils and sharpie and it's
just taped to the wall a half by 11
paper yeah you know it's the top of the
set this is gonna be dangerous that's
right you could get killed and I'm not
gonna live without you McCord if we go
we go together you realize what you're
getting yourself into
yes okay you're not going there without
me cuz I can't live without you if you
die yeah so I'm going to come with you
and become a horrible distraction yes
which could possibly get you killed so
that I have to live without you
after you're done yeah he picks the lock
of a door goes into a room that has a
singular filing cabinet in it that holds
all the military's greatest secrets
behind a single little lock and
dentist's office but the point of the
scene was that he in the files he
discovers that he is in fact a cyborg
yes
he had died at some point in some kind
of operation military-related I assume
yes and they had been reborn as a cyborg
with internal parts not terrible Borg
parts or Taco Bell sunglasses yeah
spray-painted silver so he doesn't have
to be embarrassed
so his partner detective yeah Fett is
the one he once he died this put McCord
on a line of revenge now it's less about
solving the case although that might
come about naturally because they has
like a falling out with his police
detective they have that standard scene
where it's like I turn in my badge I
quit yeah I quit the guy we know from
place yeah he seemed familiar he's like
sitting on his half sitting on yeah
that's the whole time no reason
it's very Posey both of them are very
posing we got to block this differently
than sitting at your desk or yeah you
sitting here but we only have two walls
but we only two well so why don't you
sit on your desk like yeah don't sit too
hard or the fake desk will collapse
collapse the building were in an
abandoned warehouse okay so then we get
to Donald Trump so the so Donald Trump
has a plan here he basically wants to
send he wants to use SERP the military
guy who's doing the black ops with with
the illegal military-grade cyborgs so he
basically blackmails McCord keeping his
girlfriend blue as collateral
I want McCord to go kill off these these
other two military cyborgs for me that
way I'll have but I'm speaking as if I'm
Donald Trump of course but that way I'll
have control over this or I'll be able
to use SERP the bad guy and he has the
best cyborgs so he sends it he's the
best cyborg
Donald Trump and dr. doctrine so and so
who are sitting in grandma's living room
before we get to that can I ask a
question why is it always grandma's
house
doesn't anybody have like an uncle
George's house that way our macho heroes
house doesn't have doilies everywhere
here's my answer
yeah in Los Angeles when you're like a
low-budget filmmaker grandma's house is
the mansion because grandma's house
costs 6.8 million dollars in Los Angeles
real estate okay okay and and and mega
millionaire mansion which is what they
want to use is way out of their
production so they're they live in the
one-bedroom or studio apartment where
the bedroom is right by the front door
it's like there's like a like a college
refrigerator and the bathroom is in the
living room FileMaker lives Grandma's
house is the lavish estate that he wrote
in this his screenplay
yeah these couches were outstanding well
that was the best right after the big
climax which we'll get to the the final
confrontation of the movie but we cut
from this big and action scene to Donald
Trump and his guy just sitting on
grandma's couch that was that was the
best hard cut yeah in a while
look at this you know just a fact added
in post
okay so tube guy we got to talk about
two guy and I'm sorry I derailed that
that's fine they lay down they got
sleepy I gotta get back in the van now
the wheel tube guy is he looks like
Prometheus guy just not quite as buff
and engineer yeah the engineer or an
engineer mixed with like a Hellraiser
son of I eat kind of clearly they cast
him for his look because he's he's kind
of weird-looking tall probably could do
a little fighting because there's a
little fighting but couldn't act his way
out of a paper bag it could have been a
man that dusted deep throat Clark what
so instead of dubbing him over with a
deep menacing robotic voice they just
let he just talks and he's stumbling
over lying he's a terrible and it's just
awful
yeah well the weirdest thing is like
he's a there's so many robots in this
movie he's the only one with tubes in
his head why does he need those two he
loves a mill thought it'd look cool
especially if you're gonna have him like
the whole movies building up towards
this big fight scene and then you have
him like awkwardly you know rolling
around with these tubes flapping
everywhere like it looks ridiculous that
was so they could do the clever defeat
where he gets the tube was pulled out
from under set yeah but but and he holds
him like this
the problem is that was the climax of
the film real quick
the tubes could have been described as
they pump like adrenaline into his heart
that gives him so much strength and he's
crazy but he has this thing I must belt
this electromagnetic field that protects
him she can't get near him but for no
reason at all he says I have this ray
gun or this laser gun but I want to
fight you mano a mano
come at me bro come within reaching out
and then immediately eyes eyebrow hair
man yes they tend to my cord yeah done
in a fight like that he could have done
it accidentally yeah it still could have
happened
gets caught on a pipe it's like Darth
Maul with a double lightsaber like
accidentally like spinning it like this
and cutting himself and half mmm-hmm you
have to be really skilled with that
thing in order to use it effectively -
man he's got a no-no they're fighting
those things are just flailing around
but this film ends with detective
eyebrows not being on the set he said
I've had enough of this yeah you know he
leaves and written very cleverly on the
mirror it says fuck you that's never
said in the rest of the film I don't
think by the way I think that was just a
Catcher in the Rye reference but that's
that's a thing to catch her in there is
nowhere you go someone's been there
first and scribbled fuck you so there
was a very clever literary reference you
know much like catcher on the right this
movie makes me want to kill someone
alright so the last two shots of it are
them in celle wet kissing it's probably
not the same actors and then them from
behind in a convertible driving kind of
into the sunset but not really there's
no sunset but that's what the the shoot
would normally imply it's like the way
it's driving into the distance just like
Blade Runner yes it's just like Blade
Runner it's not the same actress they
didn't show up
but wow what a felon in water film I
think the cover is the best part of it
and just for everyone to didn't get the
joke like I of course it's terrible
looking like that was I didn't pick it
for any good work again somebody's like
that's what he thinks good I think we've
talked enough about cybernator what a
film for what a time yeah that's enough
for now at least
go ahead and say hello in one
yeah okay
our next film is called panther squad I
know who I want to explain this plot J
that was so obvious Panther squad is
Belgium but really spiritually it's
Italian ready to go but but let's talk
about the plot it's it's Italian it's
like it's like it's like it's like every
Italian movement we've ever watched
where kind of resembles a movie but
things happen and it's just generally
confusing okay tell us all about panther
squad
well spiritually it's Italian
realistically its Belgium or France
French cuz the dry shot in Belgium
directed by a French guy so we have two
layers of confusion written by a
mongoloid there is a rocket that gets
shot up into space a space Jeep a spate
if they called the space Jeep your space
Jeep is there for under our control and
once it goes out of our atmosphere it
transforms into a different ship I guess
it looks completely different it
transforms from stock footage into a
miniature and then we have fidel hitler
is what we called him right yes he was
jumping way down the plot but well but
this is where it starts so is that we
have we have an unknown villain we'll
say at the beginning of the film that
sabotages the mission to the point where
the the space Jeep spins out of control
the earth has been lost essentially but
we're not gonna let you pollute space
environment so dangerous
yes so they they use a jamming device to
make the space Jeep go out of control
and there's only one other human being
on the planet I really let it fly the
ship it back up astronaut yeah and our
terrorists kidnapped the backup
astronaut that's meant to go up into
space to save the spinning ship
I don't want the bread I'm watching my
carbs someone somewhere tell Sybil
Danning about this she seems it's
unclear she comes to him and checks in
yeah and she says I'm going to but civil
danny is dressed like she's in a
post-apocalyptic film and she says I'm
going to rescue the one person that can
fly the ship to save the other ship and
I'm gonna bring them my my group of sexy
ladies they're gonna come off the plane
and we're not going to be introduced to
any of them they're just background
extras basically literally I don't even
know any of the any of the teams name
yeah but that's we jokingly called them
the Fox force five which is the Quentin
Tarantino in Pulp Fiction that was uma
thurman's
her character was on a pilot it was a
show about a team of female secret
agents called Fox force five what Fox
force five foxes and we're a bunch of
foxy chicks force as in were forced to
be reckoned with and fives in there's
one two three four five of us and so
this group of ladies sub led by Sybil
Danning led by we've never heard any of
their names right it does never even
gonna close up a video uuugh
this is my favorite movie yeah of
naturally like a fake front for the
Hitler Fidel - el Hitler tell us what
you really think his plan to ultimately
conquer the universe the universe right
yeah and he was he was a little crazy I
gotta give him credit for being very
very ambitious well I don't know what
the next step is I sabotage this space
mission something happens
step one sabotage the space mission yeah
step to kidnap Jun step 3 question mark
question mark question mark instead of
for-profits like the opening of The
Naked Gun it really hates space all
space progress he's thoroughly
establishing that the jamming station is
on the base that's the whole thing so
it's up to Sybil Danning and her squad
the Panther squad to stop him I guess
one introduce any of these women none of
them even get close-ups at any point
know any of their names isn't there a
part where fight scenes don't even get
close-ups no they barely get coverage
they don't get coverage there's a fun
scene there's a fun scene in this movie
where you know the civil Danny's walking
down the street and of course three men
just try to rape her and she gets all
fine that's your assumption we don't
know what have we done oh why but she
just walks into frame and a fight
happens but during that fight they have
to cut to something they just cut to a
living room where no one's in it oh my
goodness so much power do it take it too
long this is fucking weird the Bionic
Woman that's what it feels like early on
in a bar there's an informant that says
something about a boat before he dies
the backup astronaut once kidnapped is
brought to a yacht where the hostage
tape after she's injected with it with
like a like a sedative and then the a
hostage tape is made by the by the
German man who's reading the hostage
negotiation oh yeah they give him all
the man's he's like we will not stop
until the you know the space forces
ended blah blah blah preventing your
signals from watching your so-called
space Jeep an informant tells them that
a yacht that particular yacht is
involved in the kidnapping of the backup
astronaut who was going to be sent to
save the man who was on the spaceship so
Fox force five says our first clue
get to that that boat Sybil Danning is
something else up her sleeve it's a
deception within a deception within a
deception to the Panther squad babes
distract the two guys on a boat while
two other babes sneak on the boat you'll
say you know you think the plan is the
distraction to get the girls on the boat
so the girls could do something on the
boat but that's also a fake thing
because those two girls that sneak on
the boat are supposed to get kidnapped
and put in bubble wrap some of them can
follow the bubble wrapped encased women
to the secret base thus making the
initial distraction girl's completely
pointless but and Sybil Danning has a
plan you got to follow it yeah well
speaking of guns though you know the
good thing is all the Fox or five
whenever they're in a situation where
they don't have a gun they can easily
obtain one through the power of awkward
editing
nice job lady I wanted her to have more
of a commanding role and I wanted her to
be more I mean there had to be some sort
of a squad I guess but if she had
basically watching a movie from the
early 80s that was never going to happen
well it's very telling when were
introduced to the the Panther squad and
the very first thing they do is just
strip down and go swimming like
immediately there's literally a man in
space spinning around holding on for
dear life
and they get they get to whatever
country they're in I don't know
Belgium Belgium I think and she's like
well we'll look for the backup astronaut
tomorrow today ladies it's time to party
and they get to their location they just
drop their bags and start swimming Yeah
right there the astronaut is probably
being held on a boat around the harbor
we'll hit first thing in the morning
today just relax
welcome oh there was a guy there was a
UN guy who was delivering all of his
lines like though on the box with the
sheet over yeah yeah it was a podium
there the president of New the new
organization of Nations is about to
announce an event of the utmost
importance citizens of the world
but do you feel like this was made or do
you presume that this is made before the
howling to the it looks like she is
older but I think it's right around the
same time because it like howling - not
that it was a great film but it looks it
has much better production value and
here she looks like she's an older
person like it's old you know
she's older in this film but this looks
like it you're saying it should have
been called cougar squad cat tame this
beast you were you giving doc the
detective eyebrows performance so upset
about underwear underwear I wanted to
see a lot more of her and I mean that in
a screen time type of way this might
have been like a like a vacation shoot
okay like like handle Oh what what
there's some beaches around some old
symbol villages it's really pretty
we're gonna film by some yachts right
yeah okay
we've got four vehicles they all look
the same you won't be able to tell who's
doing what
movie is her looking through binoculars
yeah they can't hold it steady I wasn't
implying that civil Danning used to
cocaine in the 80s you're some plying
that everybody used cocaine in these I
was implying that everybody is yeah I'll
do that
roll yachts sunshine the Mediterranean
sunbathing I'll bring my own wardrobe
coke
that's a fine that's her outfit coke yes
I'm there 60% of the film you look at
their binoculars possible there's one
scene where you have to ride a
motorcycle with a duck on it sex with
anyone no not on camera producer the
executive producer screenwriter the
Foley artist productions and the best
boy we call him the best boy because
he's in charge of the power he's really
bad at sex
and he's a man that maybe said
yes that's right shoot them guns she has
a sixth sense she got out of the car
facing the wrong way their interview
position sitting ducks
just like the icon on the front of her
well let's talk about the climax of the
film apparently Sybil Danning
the Panther squad leader has a special
secret weapon only to be used once for
summary for the request of moustached
financier man it's only when there's no
other options available and all options
are lost then you can use the secret gun
what happens with the secret gun and
there's wonderful neon effects straight
out of Tehran it's straight out of drone
it still frames the image so there's no
motion no movement and then a beam
slowly emerges that's been drawn on the
on the frame and then it engulfs in an
outline the Jeep I guess Fidel Hitler
and all of his cohorts in the I don't
know why this is a last resort weapon it
should be a first resort weapon yeah
only to be used in case of emergency a
last resort Oh super gun
Wow Oh Jane wasn't still on the cheap
whoops we have to stop this guy we're
done
no well real quick the big threat of the
movie which is disabling the space like
jamming station oh that's okay the
professor already did that professional
some random professor who were
introduced at the board meeting with
with Fidel hit Hitler goes and disables
the thing he doubles one of what they
were trying to do he accomplishes the
mission of the Panther squad all on his
own
she assassinates fidel hitler and all of
his cohorts with a laser gun but we
think she assassinated somebody who sent
them to another dimension we never see
them we never see them rescue our the
the backup pilot we never see that yeah
we just cut the footage for the rocket
taking off piloted by in the june
together so we're presuming that june
went and saved the pilot spinning in the
yeah because there is that the guy who's
standing at the wheel you don't see her
again and we don't see the rocket that's
been spinning the whole movie saved and
all as well and why she didn't use that
gun earlier maybe it only takes one
charge it takes like like six years to
charge it make sure that you using it
correctly sure that you use it properly
because it's not multi-use it's not like
out boob you be constantly using it one
shot and she should have really aimed it
at the whole space lab yeah she got foot
Fidel Hitler and stopped his tyrannical
quest for power and stopped him from
ruling the universe does he like mist
and I can hit the ground that had just
vaporized the whole earth
what they're supposed to like there he
stopped the jamming I guess I need a
drink right it's over
citizens of the world after an incident
no great importance what happened
Panther squad what a film an awkward
awkward film
well everybody our final film of the
night a film
we've been looking forward to watching
for a long time and now we know this a
cool title learned a valuable lesson
learned I look forward to anything that
probably 98.6% of the films on our VHS
wall are just a lot our garbage didn't
project metal B's approves that theory
tell us all about parole will inject
metal base three project metal beast is
about a werewolf who gets frozen and
then they unfreeze the werewolf and
started grafting metal skin onto the
werewolf to make a indestructible
werewolf
you'll be indestructible and under my
control no they didn't knows well the
scientists didn't know that but the evil
Colonel knew that it was gonna make an
indestructible werewolf who was mad at
the colonel because of what happened in
Buda boy because of what happened in
Budapest yes I can hear dr. Taylor and
dr. Barnes making fun about our trip to
Budapest what stay happens in Budapest
stays in and then the obvious thing
happens and the werewolf comes to life
and murders everybody
so metal beasts it opens up I presume
this is Budapest in the beginning where
where Action Man tracks down a werewolf
at a church and we clearly see that it's
a werewolf and then they kill it and
take its blood kind of porn you looking
at roads first furry daniel craig
injects the werewolf blood into himself
turns into a werewolf gets shot and
frozen and then the rest of the movie is
about our scientists with the mystery of
the frozen man that we already know the
answer to the mystery thanks to the
beginning of the movie thus releasing
any tension or mystery there might have
been all I want to know is when when
daniel craig injects himself with the
werewolf blood in the bathroom at the
military base
why was the mirror pre-broken was this
an accident that happened unset this one
really didn't have another mirror no no
it's all about filmmaking see it's about
his personality is fracturing he was a
he was a career military man and now
he's taking a different path when he
looks at himself in that mirror he
doesn't see the man who he was
previously he's seen a splintering
version of himself into the monster the
monstrous direction that he's going
you're completely full of shit
Bracey tastes it remember he gets rid of
like the bubbles in the doesn't taste
toxic he was so eager he was like real
snippy with everyone he just kept
barking like replies like he was that a
pun Oh Barbie
I thought the whole thing was they were
going to do experiments and Budapest to
try and refine the werewolf the Budapest
was all about experimentation yeah
no making fun about our trip to Budapest
so the the metal infused skin I believe
that the doctor had said their goal was
to use it to help cancer patients is
this correct I remember correctly
because because your skin falling off is
a typical side effect of cancer and
metal and fused skin is the solution as
we all know yes this looked like you
know somebody had taken taken wrappers
of Doublemint gum like the foil and just
stuck it into like a piece of bacon
that's what she was trying to work with
and it apparently she was saying that at
a certain temperature it became hard and
unresponsive or something like that and
it needed to be tested on on a human but
I feel you're ready to move on we still
can't control the hardening process
we've never been able to keep it stable
how are you going to control this
indestructible immortal beast and so at
whenever they first will him out of
storage he knows what happened in
Budapest he's gonna go Kevin Spacey I
know I know who's out the parties if
Brian I'm gonna sing Brian I told you my
deepest darkest secrets to topical yes
true very yes yeah that's really where
it falters is if they had more
interesting like likable character I
wasn't interested when was it Stephen
like the little lab technician who
seemed like he was slightly interested
in our female do I help you would you
like to get a drink some time away but
first I'm gonna help you and I was like
a Stephen
yeah but some people people have had
relationships and they talk to each
other and they use him and they're
humans and then yeah they're like oh go
stab that werewolf in the eye with hey
you know we're gonna go somewhere else
we'll be way over here on the other end
of the facility yeah I guess I guess
that the the the more handsome military
soldier guy got shot in the arm the TWA
pilot yes he's he's more of the love
interest of the girl because like he
stalled while bad guy shot him in the
arm
so cuz he loved the woman with the brown
hair yeah Stephen also loved her and he
was willing to stab a werewolf in the
eye with a needle one says love more
than the other
I'm gonna stall this guy one says love
one says desperation what that's honest
endure profile I'd stab a werewolf in
the it's not gonna kill him when I get
back I'll finish all right he'll take it
real well I'll be alright at the gorge
you know we're gonna leave but we have
to give some credit to the performance
of the werewolf once it's no longer
Daniel Craig the actual werewolf is
played by Kane Hodder who famously
played Freddy Krueger yes in the
nightmare on
the end of Jason goes to hell you see
the the hockey mask Freddy's globe comes
out is it under that's Kane Hodder's
hand you know that yeah did you did you
post comments under our videos yeah
do you want me to cut that out cuz it's
really embarrass the metal beast look
cool yeah it looks better I didn't like
the werewolf at the beginning like it's
a problem with a lot of werewolf since
they just look at guys in suits but what
are you what my I think the metal base
is kind of a blobby mess yeah yeah me
and rich agree oh no occupying spikes oh
my god I got the red eyes it's great me
and rich were not impressed with the
middle that's our job what would you
have done to improve the project metal
beasts creature not made the movie if
project metal beast was a villain that
appeared in cybernator I would have been
impressed no sure but for the first like
45 minutes of this movie where it looked
like a good movie and then at the end
that's pretty good I like like a cyborg
robot arm okay he didn't have that he
had like robotic stuff stitched into him
and is instead of having a mane of hair
he had like porcupine porcupine Jess was
like a patchwork of skin like that was
like metal skin see now you're coming
over yeah but but we doing
he should have like a laser eye the
powered up shut out he's not a robot he
says metal skin but at least you should
have been a robot a bigger problem is
that there's no gore in the movie like
if you have no characters and you have
no story at least give us that I did get
blood on demand yeah and movie heard you
like that little bit of blood didn't
rich just like I think you use a little
bit Wow a little bit more and they gave
you eight a little bit more
a little more blood there on demand yeah
or metal beasts could have shown up at a
VFW hall strip club that's really the
problem it needed to get out of the
facility like we have to stop seeing
these same always needed to wreak havoc
on the general public when you began
that sentence you said that you wanted
you would have liked the werewolf to go
to the strip club and I thought you
meant like on stage I didn't know what
all sorts of dancing with these metal
bees you know what were werewolf has to
go and attack we're a furry convention
oh that's a fuckin movie waiting to
happen
would he be waiting in line at security
that's good costume oh you got a bunch
of metal in your beef yeah go on in you
just win one of those furry costumes
those little costumes and then he gets
the military show up like handle the
situation but they just end up shooting
like what are the convention goers it
was dressed up in a werewolf you have
like you have like the panicked radio
they're just popping off like random
furries chaos at the Holiday Inn
doesn't have it in 28 weeks later when
there's like chaos on the streets and
they tell the military like we don't
know who's a'm beating everybody
yes like that yeah yeah but with furries
abandoned selectively targeted shoot
everything targets not for you
we've lost control okay so one of these
guys one of these scientists technicians
had like a silver coin collection and
I'm not sure why so he can turn them
into silver bullets
yeah but not bullets turns into silver a
silver turret right is that wise what is
that rocket what is it called
what's a turret turret is the thing on a
tank that turns yeah
like a gun turret yeah I thought it was
a mortar that might have been more
nervous like a mortar or a shell that
goes into a bazooka yes yeah a turret is
like a like a gun mortar is what I meant
I was thinking terribly many more anyway
Jay was in the army clearly the
Salvation Army that's right got this oh
you got that sweatshirt Jay this is
yours you know what is that laughs you
bought that shirt that's a hand-me-down
oh you're making fun of your own shirt
why are you wearing in public ID I
wouldn't actually you told me to not
wear my black hoodie cuz we're all
wearing black are you stoner or
something like what is that you're
trying to insult me because of your
shirt you want your DVD of Pineapple
Express back I'm so embarrassed
No rich is his hoodie Superman letterman
jacket on I mean that's not embarrassing
what a swearing
and then the third one blows him the
hell up I was I was really hoping for
like a heavy metal band that turned into
werewolves I needed some more rock music
yeah I agree I would be down for that
anything else well everybody it's the
time of the night where we discuss and
pick which film of three terrible films
that we watched as best of the worst
I'll start with our special guest
Freddie Williams I have to go with
Panther squad it's not that this is a
clear like it doesn't have like a huge
lead over the rest of the films none of
these are winners tonight I just like
Sybil Danning and I was happy to see her
and whatever capacity that she was in
the film it was good to see that and
didn't she have like a producer's credit
or whatever it's like she I'm not sure
if this was like a vanity project or she
just wanted to have it just felt like it
was good to see her again and something
I hadn't seen her in before so I enjoyed
it most Jay it's closed between these
because there was a lot of laughs from
both of them for very different reasons
I'm kind of leaning towards Panther
Squad also because of civil Danny
I mean cybernator has eyebrows yeah well
yeah but like the awkward editing was
funny and then just like the NAM nothing
made any sense it's it's it comes down
to basically Sybil Danning or terrible
sets those are my two criteria which of
which did I find more amusing I'm gonna
give a nod to cybernator that's that
that that just barely wins festival pick
a siren I'm gonna pick cybernator okay
if someone were to ask me which is the
best of the worst it would be project
metal beast what but I'm not picking
that I I have to pick cybernator just
because it's it was so bad yeah as we
said before it's so pathetic it's it's
charmingly pathetic it was on a level of
patheticness we haven't seen in a very
very long time yeah rich metal bass is a
technically competent film that maybe
somebody could take and turn into a
decent film but it's not I think I'm
gonna give it the cybernator just just
specifically for the seams in the set
wall this is the winds way by to set
seams cybernator the little movie that
couldn't with the special mention to
panther squad it is a wonderfully
disturbing distorted mess of a disaster
of a movie well do we or do we want to
destroy project metal bees it's almost
not even worth it it's so like yes it's
not terrible none of these movies made
me angry collectively this is the most
pathetic night investigation everything
was pitiable but nothing was disgusting
the smell
