Jun 5, 2019
Wheel of the Worst #19 - Experience the Freedom of the Naturist Lifestyle, Orgasmic Birth, Aggregate Training for the Safety Impaired, Hostage Officer Survival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKdWSYCM8Ug
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1136346454908383238
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156453618427634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-19

it has tortured us for years
randomly selecting terrible videos that are painful to watch
leaving only the most disturbing nightmares and scarring the mind for life
many have tried to destroy it
but true evil never dies
it is only...reborn
it's now time to spin the wheel of the worst
I mean misfortune
well hey Mike Macaulay Culkin what are
you doing back
what do you mean I I live here now what
oh but that's where rich sleeps did you
kick him out
no he's the big spoon
well this is the wheel the worst it has
12 videos on it and we spin it three
times and whatever it lands on we have
to watch it sounds really neat it's not
no no
so let's talk about what's on the wheel
today ooh
first up shape up America ooh
with the silver foxes hmm
it's the elderly parents of now elderly
movie stars yes
Jacqueline Stallone Sal Pacino Laurie
Williams Robin Williams mother and Harry
Hoffman Dustin Hoffman's dad they all
look like they're in Florida right now
yeah yeah
I assume they're all dead now too I mean
this video is probably a hundred years
old
anchors crossed oh my god okay orgasmic
birth the best-kept secret graffitied
training by what aggregate aggregate dad
important information ahead find out how
to stay safe safety training for
everyone else I know it's it's an
exclamation point everyone else else so
yeah that's a very very very confusing
title and there's a it's a crash-test
dummy I think it's a blow job hoping we
land on that one all right what do we
got here next oh this one's you see
arranging a funeral what really happens
they assume your arrange a funeral yeah
casket flowers hilarity true true now
this next tape I'm sure some imagery
will look very familiar to you what I
don't even notice that you said it to me
I'm I'm talking about the musical notes
yes yes I know I know because you're
like music yes yes that was in the pizza
underground right yeah yeah what do you
think I was talking about the toilet so
this videos so this video is called I
got to go potty
help your child become potty poo
with Oh God and there's a breakthrough
music video that makes potty training
fun and easy
up next okay we have safe at home with
Lewis our book a thinking man's guide to
home defense and this lady is being
attacked by a hammer gun versus hammer
yeah I don't know got a hammer at long
range yes vs. gun we got going with
hammer going with hammer gonna just
chuck it he's gonna he's very good at
throwing yeah he's ready he's about to
throw it yep and the ball it's gonna hit
the hit the head of the hammer as its
flying mm-hmm the thinking man's guide
to home defense
mm but but to a woman yes
sexist sexist oh goodness oh boy massage
with Siri mm-hmm just just ask Siri to
put it on vibrate takes on a whole new
meaning in 2019 when this tape was made
in 1984 it's just some lady named Siri
if the label is made 1978 well your
that's some old man kept that tape till
1984 he massaged with Bell happy endings
with Siri mm for us it'll be a sad
ending no action game series indoor
games hours of fun for rainy days
featuring Sharron sure action games
approved by kids
all right we're supposed to know who
Sharon Shearer is shilling Shearer I am
blood featuring that stars all featuring
someone this is a little cameo yeah yeah
why don't you read this since you're
facing the direction of the tech night
fine
experience the freedom of the naturalist
lifestyle the good news is it's only 12
minutes in it's cool point five minutes
Oshkosh Wisconsin what that's right near
my new home that's funny that's only 12
minutes that's about as long as you
could be naked outside Ennis consignee
during the whole year it's pretty cold
too it's constantly called you're next
up hostage officer survival from the
director of surviving edged weapons oh
my god yeah
caliber press they make top-quality
entertainment they made surviving edged
weapons it was a classic and run best of
the worst oh my god I hope we land on
this mm-hmm
will it live up to surviving edge weapon
system is the question I'm ready I'm
ready
I want to learn look at that action
though I know next up another the only
thing that's been on the wheel before
how to have fun with billy-bob teeth
three thumbs up five star rating
and lastly Carnival and Rio hosted by
Arnold Schwarzenegger the Arnold
Schwarzenegger the Arnold Schwarzenegger
apparently he went down to Rio he looks
really confused yeah like he does even
no lies on the box yeah someone's asked
him a very complicated question like
where are you now
yeah all right max time to spin the
wheel and don't forget whatever you land
on it's your fault okay
experience the freedom of naturalist
lifestyle
now let's go watch it yeah yeah
so we gotta watch it we gotta watch it
there's usually four men and women both
I'd say they're afraid of sexual
overtones once once they get out there
they find there are none whatsoever
behind fences on to public beaches today
naturism is experiencing greater
understanding and acceptance it's also
not expensive to go to close free clubs
it's even free of charge at public
beaches mom good news I got an acting
job I'm gonna be at a video and it's
it's a sense of freedom that you can't
hit in the clothed world the clothes
look like somebody's accountant right
and he's just like I'm trapped in the
clothes world
I'm trapped in this denim prison bread
spin the wheel
oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, fuck, rich
look what you've done
what?
Rich, rich, you landed on orgasmic birth
oh I'm sorry
unbelievable the sensations that are
like washing over your whole body it is
possible to have an ecstatic birth in
fact that's the best she's faking if you
can experience it and your body it looks
like oh is it a war shock like PTSD like
staring off into the middle distance
she's good when does the orgasm part
commission know it looks like it feels
great she seems like she's having a ball
ass huh thanks for coming to Milwaukee
guys yeah Jesus what are you doing
hi everyone Sean from bunnyears here I'm
gonna spin the wheel
is that rat moving oh yes damn yeah they
took a Vulcan like I think this is how
the hostage situation starts oh yeah
narrator a saint narrator don't suture
his neck close Jerry Tom brain look they
gave his gun back already I'm not even
telling all that he's dead oh he's dead
Oh brains are all over the know what
make sure he's dead come back bad news
buddy he's dead and also mostly on your
shirt
so it was this big mmm actually was like
this it was like this much around oh boy
yeah yeah it was it was quite quite
impressive is this a continuation of the
discussion we had last time you were
here is this unrelated no this I'm
talking about fishing what you guys were
talking about that was a salmon
oh I'm Macaulay Culkin and you just
watched a video about a nudist colony
and orgasmic birthday yes I am good I
know I can think about was fishing
welcome welcome back to Milwaukee yeah
thank you thank you for having me thank
you for doing this that me assuming this
is the last time we'll ever he got
pretty close there there are a couple
moments yeah about 20 minutes in the
nine hi thank you yeah that's what I'm
kind of cracks got weird
yes things got weird just a bunch of
dudes in the room watching orgasmic
birth watching a lady moan and ecstasy
well she gives birth it never occurred
to me to have pain medication yeah so
quite a day yeah well no one's stopping
up so I'm gonna say we watched these
videos mm-hmm the first one was
experienced the freedom of the naturist
lifestyle Mike why don't you explain
this 12-minute video mm-hmm you monster
that's clearly a handoff to rich rich
isn't is it
well he's a nudist is it rich is
actually naked right now he just has
embarrassing clothes painted on see this
what I knew was gonna happen these
videos there's nothing we could fucking talk about look I knew Mike was just
gonna make fun of me the default
position Frodo what do we do make fun of
rich make fun of rich you could go for
the low hanging fruit but listen
speaking of low-hanging fruit
Oh No
so the official title has experienced
the freedom of the naturist lifestyle
12.5 minutes
well this is a video I guess kind of
advertising / explaining the nudist
lifestyle which can only be done near
beaches mm-hmm
or stale water yes disgusting you can't
you can't be a nudist at the shopping
mall yes this this video is advertising
it is if it wants to promote it and
spread the naturist lifestyle generally
there are public decency laws that say
you cannot walk on naked yeah rich but
these people they think I don't know
something something's wrong with their
brains where they think it's everyone
looks like everyone's aunts and uncles
yes yeah it's a bunch of gross old
people
well that's it's it's Oshkosh Wisconsin
they all look like that but you know not
a tan line to be seen I do have to say
that yeah I think it's because they knew
it all the time well one of the things I
love is there's no tan lines well except
for the lady that says the great thing
about being nude all the time is no tan
lines but she says that while having a
book over she's gonna have a horrible
Tamblyn
yeah the nudist is it is modest oh this
video is full of fucking hypocrites
explain I love to be nude every time
there's like the somebody is your
interview they've got a fucking shirt on
or a book over their breast or something
also the founder was wearing a shirt
that's old yeah yeah the nature Society
was established in 1980 from the free
beach movement to promote clothing
optional lifestyles recreation and
living I'm not wearing pants right now
I mean naturism see that's the thing is
is went okay I could see their point
like they like being naked the clothes
maybe make them feel restricted and they
like to just be naked and swimming in
the water and I believe all the women
all the men I just think are pervert is
it just me you're just like when the
guys are like just I love being free in
this I'd know yeah I don't want to be a
part of the clothes world yeah yeah this
is no I don't believe you I just don't
believe it I didn't see many erections
in the video I don't know thank God they
had they have reversed my Agra yeah and
they take it before they go to the
nudist beach they all have in ease oh
god it's like everyone's honking Darrell
the guy started this as a scam they
thought it was all gonna be ladies like
that one they clearly hired to do the
intro yeah but instead they got like the
grannies and that's the only reason you
don't see erections the resort was open
one year and then they closed every day
realized this wasn't working no good I
know I was an investor how does
everybody feel about nudist colonies I
mean I think like I already said my
opinion the women are there just to
experience the nudist lifestyle the men
are perverts and frauds
I mean that's that's probably a safe bet
for most situations okay
nudist colonies colonies in general just
in general there's a group of people
there's a good chance that all the men
are sex perverts yeah yeah I don't give
a shit what consenting adults choose to
do when their free time right yeah
that's true it's also I just kind of
know where you want to be there like
this is not a place I'd like to hang out
oh they're not kidnapping me and forcing
me to go there I'm fine yeah no I agree
that if they want to all be naked and
swim around and then to filthy pond and
get infections in there that was the
only it's all part of the video which is
the green mold the for The Creature from
the Black Lagoon it's all a scheme to
sell more yeast infection medicine
ladies swimmer this disgusting pond
bacon nailed it yes I wouldn't go in
that pond if I was in a school with
sewage right naked yeah every once in a
while you sit on a few Beaucaire
maybe it's yours maybe it's not the
freedom at the very least the best thing
I can say about the video is that it
doesn't take place in Gleason Wisconsin
oh oh that's even farther north we
discussed that on our previous that's
the worst lots of lots of Wolfman
looking man there and a batboy it's a
bad boy showed up in this that would be
pretty amazing yeah a lot of naked
monster trucks
what with the naked bad boys genitals
look like bat genitals I guess can
somebody Google bat genitals was a
technical term for bad feces guano guano
that's it yeah who's gonna make a guano
joke guano you can eat that bat feces
right
guano or is it poison we're more content
within ourselves we're satisfied with
ourselves then we follow I thought he
fell over one thing that we do talk
about with video is unreal the worse is
their purpose now is just to recruit
nudists I just I assume if you haven't
liked it inkling to be a nudist you
aren't going to be convinced by a video
watching a video is not gonna make me go
and be a nudist I think if I was
interested in I watched this video I
would change my mind yeah but what is
he's disgusting balls yeah but I think
that like I think that was their
intention I don't think they did it well
what is the attention is the attention
is consider this hey you might be
interested and consider and consider our
company too yeah yeah oh yeah they
advertise like a magazine yeah I don't
know if that's related to the guy that
made the video or that's a separate
thing but located in Oshkosh Wisconsin
the naturist Society service is a
growing membership worldwide with
quality publications they have a guy
who's who's fighting a losing battle in
Washington who's like I am I'm yes
I'm a pro nudist he's a lobbyist allow a
lobbyist for the nudist colony you see
we're in that suit and tie but you know
if these
now just be completely bottomless yeah
he looks so uncomfortable in the clothes
world no let's move on to something much
less disturbing and less uncomfortable
which is orgasmic birth here you got
rich no that's a segue and they also
when they have the babies we never
actually got to the part of the video
where they explained that we didn't
watch this we get freaked out by
watching tiny humans crawl out of
women's crotches yeah we've had 20
minutes into this hour and a half long
thing yeah well they're they're
promoting like you don't go to hospitals
cuz they take care of you and they give
you drugs and you don't want that when
you have a human life coming out of your
body you want to do you want to have
your baby on a nasty deck yeah oh I
heard you had the baby and I say yeah on
the deck
3:00 p.m. on a Sunday I guess it may as
well have on a deck in a scummy little
field covered with dirt you've bent over
a box on a ball on a giant ball well
exercise mom today I'll share that blue
exercise ball or did they all have their
own there is something inappropriate
though about a woman giving birth on a
blue ball I call it actually more poetic
than anything that is how you will have
an orgasmic birth because birth is
sexual yeah make sure all of my wives a
full disclosure we did not watch the
whole video watched enough again I don't
want to say we were disgusted but we
were kind of bored we kind of
it wasn't instructional enough it wasn't
it wasn't incompetently made it was just
somewhat well made documentary and today
we didn't actually get to the orgasmic
birth part well we saw some yeah we
didn't get into this way Nina yeah it
was more flame like hippy you know and
at home stuff knowing videos like this
like like the dance of birth right Oh
feelings and blah blah blah they don't
really go okay step one yeah
here's because they showed the guys and
they were like rubbing their like pelvis
yeah Attica yeah and they're like okay
and then then they started moaning and
it's like like okay where are their
steps yeah this kind of fly-on-the-wall
showing they might we'll never know
we'll never know we will never know yeah
yeah unless someone else wants to to
finish it later but I think it was just
a combination of these two back-to-back
it was really kind of a double whammy of
just yeah yeah a lot of just strangers
nude like a sausage factory like I mean
there were so many dudes in that room
oh
oh, god
oh, shit
fuck me
it is Wisconsin
my new my new home
looked at nude people with Macaulay Culkin
yes exactly
your fucking bucket list
check
I always knew this was going to happen
see mom I told you
yeah yeah it was mildly
uncomfortable the best kept secret as
far as I'm concerned about childbearing
is that it is a sexual experience and it
just you knows also it was boring like
there wasn't a lot to like make fun of
yeah we made some jokes early on there's
a hostage situation yes wasn't a single
edged weapon in sight the baby came out
with a little good
it's just having like take the umbilical
cord wrap it around its neck
it's what twins come out one one baby's
got the other one like in the umbilical
cord wrapped around the deck of the
other that's win listen to Mary
what's your name let's shoot him I don't
know okay TJ oh we do get a name a baby
name in this and I think that was a
point like it worked on it was it was
like yeah it was like jPAS you're like
all right we're done orgasm orgasm in
during birth is one thing hippie names
right now that's it that was so
tasteless yeah I love che guevara on
k-pax backs ha ha Yuriko che packs
what about Harvey Weinstein know
Harvey's in the world the worst name is
a someone named their baby wine packs
after Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey
a Kevin Spacey flick one of the best
ones obviously oj wine packs out of this
compound the day of your birth yeah it's
better than the alternative
I'm fine what's it what no gasps my
birds supposed to like the horrible
hideous pain what's it what well that's
every birth I'm not a lady you know so I
don't know can't comment yeah yeah I'm
assuming a natural birth is pretty fucking painful without an epidural
and when you're focusing on pushing
seven eight pound thing out of your
crotch then it's extremely painful I
don't know how you're having an orgasm
but I really I can see that though it's
a very spiritual very sensual type of
and the one word somebody used today was
blissful the video did not tell us that
yeah I guess as men we're not in any
place to discuss this matter and we're
just gonna leave it it yeah because the
video didn't tell us we're gonna give on
your male partner rubs your hips and
that gets you off while you're squirting
your baby out in the nasty and then when
I met people and talk to people and
learned more absolutely be done or any
of those people we should point out that
this next video here aggregate training
for the safety impaired we did not land
on this we spun the wheel we didn't land
on this but we said we're not watching
this anymore let's put on the
crash-test-dummy video instead that
worked out much better so we just
watched it we could have put on silver
foxes we got uh but that's we'll save
that for another day Frank Stallone's
mother and exercising why would you go
to Frank Stallone it that's Sylvester
Stallone they're both his mother bear
for what their mother she birthed both
of them on a nasty porch
aggragate training for the safety
impaired important information ahead Mac
alright so there's this fantastic actor
you got beat up a little I'm sorry about
that but you know I'll take care of you
today don't worry about it this place
has a lot more cool
he's a little accident-prone bit we'll
be all right
yeah I can tell hmm I also see he's a
puppet he's some kind of sex weirdo and
he walks around with am a crash-test
dummy doll but he talks to me as if he's
a person
I'm sure today's gonna be a lot easier
on you well I they said we're gonna be
lurking as electrical so you know
probably not a lot of Sun time
half-scale
yeah half-scale look at that yeah he
kind of holds him like he's a
ventriloquist's dummy for a while but
then it's not no expense was spared yes
yes oh yeah that becomes clear yeah well
it's like I didn't see the truck boss
down in the yard maybe we can spot it
from oh my god oh please do it and so uh
they keep on going trying to get jobs at
construction sites and they don't know
any safety things and so by extension
they like we learn but then
crash-test-dummy keeps on getting
injured so like you know it gets hit in
the eye and then he gets bonked on the
head got his arm ripped off he gets the
stuffing pulled out and the rosies
dummies so we're gonna see all sorts of
crazy scenarios where that dummy just
gets beat up and thrown around aren't we
no no no no he did have a mr. bill voice
which was one of my favorite things no
no yeah the mister rail voice never gets
old
yeah but that was a complete coincidence
like he'd never heard of mr. no the
whole point in getting the dummy is so you can beat the fuck out of the thing
it's a crash-test dummy
yeah what fuck is wrong with you guys
looking at but they obviously only had
one they didn't want to put it in water
yes
it gives boots wet it was like the guy
always got fired yeah no there's swim in
the pond they're not gonna put that pup
in the water though
No oh that's so lame no so we need to
find a different place for shade you
need to move your buddy cuz already
slough coming down Oh God we didn't see
it it was off-camera like you couldn't
throw a rock at the puppet I even have
the puppet if you're not gonna fuck it up
my favorite part I think was the singing interludes
yes
oh yeah
with some original songs set to some some
old-school Tony and Frank yep that's
what I'm calling them yep yep that's a
Tony and that's a Frank
the the big problem with this safety video is that it's aimed for adults who work in a fucking mine and and it's framed like a children's safety video
it's for miners not minors
ah, ehh
i found it
i found it
he got it
thank you
that's really good
that's really good
that is that is a pun
would you like to define a pun
I think it's the the lack of real information and the lack of the puppet
actually being damaged in any way what
happened was someone at this company
this construction company or this mining
company they walked into the boss's
office and they saw his sex puppet and
they realized what was going on and he's
like no that's for a training video we're making
oh, no
oh, okay, oh, oh
and so he slapped this video together just as an excuse so he didn't get caught with a sex doll
he put his nephew Sam into it
and he's like, uh, here you go, here's a doll, and go
he slapped it together in an afternoon just to justify owning the sex doll
he was fucking that puppet
he was fucking that puppet
you're coming up with some outlandish backstory, jay
and you know what no one saw except us, so let's keep that between you and me
I wonder how much a used crash-test-dummy would actually
like cost a real real life thing yeah
okay but I used one like you know it's a
it's already kind of been that's been
three yeah and you wouldn't feel bad
putting it through a wood chipper
looking in I always wanted one yeah
actually we did like one that was like
like a really gruesome crash okay just
come again some of those arms like this
like that a couple shards of glass in
the end yeah exactly exactly
it'd be a conversation starter in my
living room you know you're gonna put a
wig on it and and bend it over a giant
blue ball Oh God
put it on a nasty porch build a nasty
porch first what what if orgasmic birth
will just come nasty to have your baby
on a nasty boy I'd be more inclined to
watch it yeah when I go to the hospital
when you could go to an SD port Mike's
nasty porches and a bunch of weird kids
and some people come over and look at
your baby that's that's not termite
infested wood that's all natural wood
for your birthing points
do you want a kiddie pool to have your
baby in on your nasty porch that cost
extra
it's a birthing pool it just happens to
have pictures and Kermit on it hey you
remember the snake oh god yes okay back
back to the dummy video yeah what my
snake why is he happy it's the wild
racist North American timber rattler oh
Jesus hey what are you guys doing over
here
blue snakes nothing what are you doing
randomly a snake comes by and there are
dumbass protagonist picks up and just starts fucking with a rattlesnake
well we thought there's gonna be about
something like hey don't worry about
snake safety yeah no mention if you hear
a rattlesnake you're supposed to get the fuck away from it
yes
yeah
and so that they should have been a warning and that
guy just picked it up and was was
dangling in a dummy's face and then he
warns him about the dangers of candy
bars yes yes need to caffeine II very
good for working out in the Sun all day
for your lunch need more nutritious
lunch than just a candy bar and then
yeah then the foreman comes by and like
you think he's gonna say hey don't watch
out there's snakes here he's like watch
out for that that wall it's gonna fall
on you snakes get away from that wall
and they get away from the wall they
almost instantly get hit by a truck yeah
oh yeah this is a good show stuck
between a wall and I'm in a truck place
this is a video that explains how
dangerous truck tires are which is news
to me I didn't I was not aware of this
and another thing leaning up against
this tire isn't a very good idea don't
you know that those rents can blow up
and get you I just figured this was you
know just stay away from the large
equipment propaganda but at the same
time it's funny because he was just like
just talking about Oh watch out these
tires can explode just randomly and then
it is the single best thing they do with
the dummy
oh right they can just blow up
everything sounds so dangerous yeah Tara
boy Oh God the tire exploded
wait the tires can just randomly blow up
they throw it once yeah sadly it is the
single best thing they do was I think
they even opened the whole movie with it
I will say when it comes to beating up a
dummy they could have learned a thing or
two from you and Mike I was very
disappointed yeah I was very
disappointed but Artemis and they did
they had none of it yeah we should
explain you you and Mike you have a long
history of beating up dummies up until
rich was 18 he had you know a childhood
friend named Corky that his Nana bought
him and when I met rich in high school I
said rich we're gonna make videos where
you beat up this doll it was kind of
like my buddy or it was a human doll
yeah and he's like we have to be very
gentle with it remember he said we have to be very gentle with it at first
oh wow that changed
cuz my nana bought it for me
remember misery
so rich would gently hit the doll and then I said no no no fuck that doll up
so he would throw the doll around and beat up beat up a doll
how'd that make you feel
like a big man
you sure showed nana
it made me it made me feel like I'm now shocked that this is people are actually gonna see this shit that we did when we were in high school just fucking around
beating you is exhausting
i'm out of breath smashing your face
still got the footage
yeah
oh yeah
can you put it in a little right here no not not right
here he's gonna he's got an entire bin of tape so just labeled rich Evans blackmail material
what do you propose that we do
so yes I would like to have seen the dummy get beaten up more
that's, that's it
yeah
fuck that video
so fuck this video 
fuck it
fuck it
say we want to want to talk about in
another movie yeah yeah do we want to
talk about guns and hostages and oh yeah
and let's move on to a hostage officer
survival from the director of surviving
edged weapons caliber press is the same
company - right yes oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah fun fun fact we were totally
prepared to to cheat to watch this video
we were we were I was thinking about
like I'm gonna run out I'm just gonna
physically move the wheel there
we didn't have to
jack, jack, fucking nailed it
god bless Jack
here he comes
take, take a bow
yay
nice spinning, bro
way to spin
hostage officer survival
as we said it's from the makers of surviving edged weapons
which is in our Hall of Fame
yes
it is the most amazing thing we have ever watched to this day that has not changed and this is the follow-up
this represents imminent danger for sure
yes
uh, it has a lot to live up to
it doesn't
but it's pretty good
yeah
yeah so we're talking about end game
heyooo
that Kevin Feige you here that you don't
know what you're doing
dr. Kinsler come in whoa Jesus
between all you white people yeah I
would call this a slow burn unlike
surviving edged weapons which just like
comes right out of the game with people
getting stabbed in the face cavemen
caveman I mean it's very ambitious it's
very exciting
this one takes its time try it it builds
up to the excitement it's the same
production value yes and that's why we
were not bored even though nothing
exciting was happening we were still
like yeah like I nailed that line don't
improv Joanna and instead of just like
blowing the water like this what happens
in this plan this is this story now it's
like here's the setup and all what's
going on over here oh here's another
another situation is developing here but
we're gonna go away from that for a
moment in this another multi-story drama
yes yes seating place like in a prison
it was a stalker yes it's just like in
you I'm so angry I'll tell you why I'm
angry synonyms that's why they mean the
same thing so yeah we we meet all of our
characters and then we spend a lot of
time cutting back and forth between all
of them and then they wrap that up and
it just goes off the rails use your
peripheral vision to gauge when your
abductor relaxes well the only returning
character we have and this is the
narrator yes he comes back but are you
familiar with the Mexican socket repai
used for gutting sheep and other
warm-blooded animals his voice is great
thank you oaky and rich what kept us
interested because yeah like we said it
doesn't start off the most exciting but
that guy's voice you're like I want to
listen to whatever he has he's right up
there with the legend Peter Thomas the
medical examiner discovered that David
had been shot with a small-caliber
bullet and tests showed his body had
been soaked with gasoline before the
fire here's here's the problem with us
for one surviving edged weapons lots of
like they throw lots of like legit
information like this is what you do
here are the acronyms and this is how
you handle this situation and Plus
stabbings
lots and lots of fun stabbings nowhere
near as exciting as this was that great
dead man here's why when I last saw man
I think he's gonna make it dude better
man it was still defense man he's going
to a hospital I'll take care of it
wasn't my fault man that's all right I
mean they talk about they it is
informational a talk about how to
negotiate with people when someone's
holding a gun to your ass at one point
it takes it like thirty minutes before
they get to it though yeah yeah yeah
they set it all up but then then we
start getting into this the this arming
kind of like area which soon that's
already gets fine that's what it's
started getting fun that's what it
started making that turn and then we get
the shootings and then it's what it
starts getting amazing that's what you
get cops just blown away criminal scum
left and right turns into death wish
what do you want I'll kill you I think
we tried to be like more cinematic like
with a storytelling that's what it seems
like you know yeah and it hooked us we
were yeah no we're into it like yeah
there's the music the drama the the
narrator the whole way is mainly
venerian they do a mate an amazing job
you know progress in creating a
cinematic experience tension why don't
they make movies or didn't they I doubt
they're a thing anymore no they still
exist yeah yeah they back safety there
is an ex throwing bar on the east side
oh we can make a movie about that
it's it's very similar in tone I think I
think you want that instant
gratification of a knife attack yes a
hostage situation is more drawn out and
it's more emotional because remember to
teen referring to the captor by name
helps validate his existence it also
focuses on him as a person and builds on
the connection between the two of you TJ
TJ what's going on TJ didn't like to
clean his house he's very pissed off
about the ranch dressing and his ranch
dressing out overnight goddamn it he's
gotta get a new ranch dressing most of
all you want to get him thinking of this
as a shared predicament okay and his
wife is cheating on him but there's more
drama there's more an individual
circumstance it's more of a build up we
see all these different characters in
their situations reviving edged weapons
was like we got a warrant for your
arrest you don't have a samurai sword in
there just blast them shooting through
the door we hit the drunkard on the
porch not a nasty porch it's just a
normal board no no berthing is deemed
out and there's this like right next to
them like a woman laying over oh what's
going on and that porch is the opposite
of birth yep in any possible way
so much green his brains splattered all
over our copy that's that's the turning
point for the video where we're like all
right yes now I'm on board
all right calibre press shoot you've
done it yeah yeah yeah that was a good
moment
you've brought back your horrific
violence that we love so much and then a
chicken skin got stabbed in the eye with
a pencil yeah that was pretty great that
was was it like a monster mask yeah it
comes sixty five minutes almost exactly
into it so if you want to go back and
watch it
okay I did I did take the time standard
all right it's the part when Hulk has
lunch I was in the room before that is
that the count that's that has
Frankenstein in it just suddenly cuts to
a man who has a head that's two times
the size of it means no hair on his body
yeah he looks like a zombie
he's like the confines of a cliff well
that's that's the thing is like we spend
so much time with all these different
little set pieces we have the the
hospital in the prison yeah we have that
we don't scare well in the prison yeah
we have to stare at the stairwell
hostage-taker all these little scenarios
bathroom at the courthouse yeah but they
said they set all these up and then they
kind of pay him off and then they just
start cutting to shit
yeah
and then you're like what is this where are we
now here's my assumption the person who
commissioned this bill in the police
department said commission that said
here are the scenarios we want to see
professional training videos made of and
they did those those are all the slow
boring ones and then killing us and then they had money left over and they were bored and they said fuck it
Frankenstein
Frankenstein in your squad car like it
was the same cop - oh yeah that one cop
he just keeps getting a squad car got
commandeered by of a criminal like five
times Frankenstein the mommy what are
things I learned it's not about your gun
it's about your secondary gun yes other
officers velcro their shirts for fast
access to backup holsters attached to
their best carrier it's all that you
have under your breakaway stripper pants
yes yes yeah
it's always good to have a bunch of secondary guns
also ladies if you're jogging you should totally have a gun right between your legs
just boom
take off your fucking fanny pack, grandma
i know you have a gun
what
please don't point that gun at me
i'm just gonna put my hands in my fanny pack
you, you have to fake out with the fanny pack
yes
he's gonna want to take the fanny pack
all right you know
and then we even joked, he was gonna just like, pull a gun out of her vagina
and just, baum, there it is
 that's the kind of quality I expect from caliber press
mm-hmm
now take your clothes off
oh, god
yay!
called it
fake out fanny pack with the weight of a gun
but jog with a real gun in your undies
no mike
that was her secondary gun
there was also a fucking gun in that fanny pack
yeah
oh yeah
and one wedge between the cheeks like the Brawn
or under a brush she's got like a gun
wedged in there okay one gunned reach
breast one on the cheeks she's got five
guns Johnson a very dangerous area maybe
join a gym a Robert Rodriguez movie it's
the same path El Chapo uses jog and that
one when the video goes off the rails
that's also when they start giving the
advice that seems less realistic like a
cough consider faking a cough or a
sneeze as an excuse to move in this
one's called the Daffy Duck approach
sort of pivot and sweep to his left if
you're being chased just draw a tunnel
on the side of a building if you're in a
hostage situation
do a John Woo dive yes where distance
precludes physical tactics and words
alone don't worry you're only viable
option maybe that seemed to be the gist
of the video was like four or five
different ways when you have a gun to
you realistic way yeah and all of them
are like don't do it because literally
this a split second is all it needs to
hit that trigger boom yeah it's faster
than a human being could move and it was
just saying like uh only go like this
and grab the guy yes and put your yeah
behind the hammers
clamp your hand over the slide and get
your finger behind the hammer grab with
both hands and strip the gun away all of
its weight for this night for her just
wait that's the real advice yeah that
turned out really well for the officer
the the more interesting part was like
like like communicating with the person
they're like ask them their name hey
your name's TJ TJ my name's Mike TJ my
name is Mike you like ranch dressing you
should put your ranch dressing in the
freezer after you open your house you'll
attract women they won't cheat on you
under your wife's cheating on you your
house is a fucking dump your garbage
TJ you'll find you can adapt them
spontaneously I feel good listening good
people listen a kid strangers no naked
people yeah can you imagine a hostage
situation in a nudist colony
everywhere that would be weird are you
gonna put your secondary gun yeah well I
think well I think we know yeah but your
butt your butt your butt your butt your
butt your butt your butt your butthole
yeah you go to do this particular time
you grab your gun you like oh no instead
of yo this particular gun bell you just
land of a dirty pond yeah well this is
what we got to work with Mike best of
the worst I mean nothing beats caliber
press they're the gold standard yeah
they haven't let us down yet yeah I mean
I like I have a particular affinity
towards the the puppet what it was
terrible
well it's arm ripped off and it flew
down a conveyor box it had potential yes
women orgasm as Gaza Ming Asgard what
different video I don't know what that
means
women giving birth I'm asking that would
be an entirely different video you just
made that up and ask azzam you said it
my picture best worst is the
hostage-taking video
i think what you meant to say is everything was shit except for this
yeah
I just summed up what you said
he was being polite about
okay you don't want to hurt the feelings
of the people that made orgasmic birth
yes yeah I mean I wholeheartedly agree
like that is just just the production
value and you know lots of guns
attention the drama yeah exactly like
you know and just in Frankenstein
getting stabbed in the eye I can't wait
to see it someday yes yes hostage
officer survival it's pretty good but I
mean there's a lot of valuable safety
information training for the safety
impaired like drinking water and you
know how oft what are you gonna find
yourself in a hostage situation anyway I
I think of this video it just has more
practical information like drinking
water in the desert
I'm giving it to aggregate are you are
you plenty I'm working in a mine anytime
soon don't think don't fall off a
conveyor belt and don't rocks yeah
i, i, i want to smash fucking safety video
well well I haven't picked mine yet best of
the worst can you guess what it might be
knowing nasty porch no no it's it's
surviving edged weapons part 2 I wanted
to destroy all three of these I thought
they were all worthless I thought they
were all interesting proposition yeah
ok today we're gonna break with
tradition and instead of destroying a
tape
we are gonna correct a past mistake and
put creating REM Lazar in the Hall of
Fame hold it right there mister what
it's me Moo shoo you're old friend I'm
the guardian of the best of the worst
Hall of Fame shelf all decisions are
passed through me
oh oh oh
you think so
well I'm rich motherfucking evans, cocksucker
and I say we put creating rem lezar on this shelf
what are you gonna do about it
I say we settle this the old-fashioned way fight to the death
and let's take it back to where it all started
in space
okay now here are the rules
penguin
talk
oh not the baseball bat that's supposed
to only be used for baseball
ah Yaya why aren't they wearing their
glasses we'll put out an eye and that's
not a lie they may be Johnny's not asses
okay switch
