Jun 20, 2020
Computer Beach Party, Mission: Killfast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuS8ek6OM44
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1274369605239177217
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157529829397634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-bad-movie-scavenger-hunt

well rich were back for another episode
of best of the worst that's right Mike
you know I can't believe it's been three
whole years since our last episode I
know in fact it's been so long I don't
remember how we used to pick out movies
so for this episode we have a brand new
gimmick is that for me to throw up in No
all other gimmicks will pale in
comparison because so much of the trash
that lines our walls is so similar
sometimes it's hard to pick movies to
watch not anymore
today we've compiled 30 plus
commonalities with all the movie boxes
titles plots and so on things like man
holding gun uncover might be about an
alien or monster or maybe takes place in
the post apocalypse we'll mix them all
up and each contestant will randomly
pick three then it's off to find the
movie that contains all the selected
criteria whoever finds their movie first
will win a special prize nothing well
rich you ready for this no inside this
bucket lots of little pieces of paper
you and I are both gonna pick three each
I'm looking for quality or or speed
they're just so quality we wrong with
the best possible movie that fits the
criteria I haven't thought about that
far I haven't thought this through and
it also might be impossible it's a
gimmick Mike yeah it's a gimmick well
let's start then rich okay
let me, let me have this fucking bucket
okay, pick that first one, rich
I have the first one
okay
my movie cover must contain
you son of a bitch
you son of a bitch
what is it
depiction of rape on the cover
I didn't do that on purpose
good luck
I fucking hate you so, so much
I'm ruling out the children's section
scantily clad woman on the cover
well, there seems to be some kind of theme going here
woman holding a gun on the cover
hmm so she's like are you doing to me
don't start looking that's against the rules
I'm gonna put a blindfold on you, you fuck
a cheap knockoff of a real movie
okay
all right 
this is your number three, rich
this is my third one
and it is there it might take place in a post apocalypse
there's lots of raping in the post apocalypse
in Mad Max here comes number three
Oh easy a cover that is a painted
artwork meaning it's not a picture or a
Photoshop job it's a it's an actual like
like a Drew Struzan ask cover I you
understand what painted means I know
what a painting is okay I didn't know
sometimes sometimes you have you you
come off as very stupid okay go find
your movie
okay fiction of rape on the cover I'm
holding a gun I might take place in the
post apocalypse definitely the genre of
Mad Max was gun was it gun do any of
these women have guns no the men have
done yeah my mom's a werewolf could be
considered a cheap knockoff of a real
movie and like teen law officer
something like a party and Rio
well definitely got a scantily clad
woman on the cover and it's and it's a
painted artwork real movie it's more
like Arnold Schwarzenegger sexually
assaulting women for 90 minutes we
haven't seen that before oh oh
apocalypse women being sexually
assaulted real cancun definitely
scantily clad woman on the cover that's
definitely a picture sorry about that
rich so women apocalypse she's only the
gun not being sexually assaulted that's
the hard one I think I just need to look
for rape she's tied up no she's not tied
up she's she's leaning against something
hey Rach I found one with a rapist on
the cover there's a woman on the cover
she has her hand on a gun I may have
found a loophole they appear to be
engaged in an intimate activity no it
doesn't look non-consensual
but who am I to assume such a thing
right I know what is a raven Hawk I'll
just be considered a ripoff of The Lone
Ranger hey red I changed the rules for
one dollar you can trade in one of your
criteria for a different one kind of
like a life line on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
this is, this is just a fucking scam, isn't it
I'm trading in rape
death blood or kill in the title I buy
that for a dollar I did what computer
beach party be considered a knockoff of
liked it like maybe Porky's Revenge of
the Nerds yeah what do you think J rich
rich, I got this game in the bag
fuck you
now, this was considered scantily clad in the Victorian era
look at all that wrist
does that count
this doesn't really look apocalypse-y
but it's got Robert Ginty
her name is Kat
definitely scantily clad
knockoff
yes
I would say maybe Catwoman
and to me, this looks like a painted cover
although, it could be an enhanced photograph
nukie doesn't match any of your criteria
this this might be a woman
I can't tell us the silhouette holding a
bow which that's a ranged weapon that's
a gun in my book
well rich looks like you had a little trouble with this game
so much you had to pay me a dollar
fuck you
I however found my tape rather quickly
the movie I found is called her name is
cat you're calling that painting cover
yes if we examine the cover you can see
that it's it's painted the the metal
components are clearly fake they're not
real and if you look at the back of the
box
I doubt she ever wears this costume in
the movie at all it's it's kind of like
a road tourist situation where they
tried to sell you on the costume but
look she's just wearing a ninja outfit
and I think she's just gonna wear a
ninja outfit the whole movie so the
cover of road tour is a painting this is
a painting
on the edge of the Hong Kong underworld
a beautiful assassin battles the most
ruthless crime lords in China cats
played by sensational Chinese actress
alman Wong is the enigmatic assassin
with nerves of steel ice in her veins
and a heart of gold
her name is cats
do you remember when we weren't filming
best of the worst episodes remember
those days do those work never mind
you know not bad as far as cheap 80s
movies titles go I don't know what well
Mike we have to talk about my my film
selection now mission kill fest okay as
you can see it clearly says kill as part
of another word but that's clearly kill
and she's holding a gun and it might be
the post apocalypse anything could be
you know what a normal episode we would
just instantly skip the film like this
and not even bother taking a look at it
that's why this is good we're getting
some of the movies that we otherwise
wouldn't watch we don't watch them for a
reason from Ted V Nichols cult director
of Astro zombies blood orgy of the
devil's the corpse grinders doll squad
and other masterpieces of bad taste
cinema they must strike heart and kill
fast a high speed martial arts action
adventure pitting a CIA recruited
martial arts master against Los Vegas
gangsters in a psychotic is that
psychotic or just not psychotic
psychotic arms dealer supplying a
diabolical terrorist organization with
nuclear weapons that was just every word
every word in fight the crusade amongst
the veges seeking swarms of killers
sharknadoes that's exactly what that
sounded like
just just nonsense every word you would
like in a be movie starring old-school
kung fu' idol tiger yang Mickle's Devils
gambit Samy Hong's warriors two dragons
on fire
or phones and scream queens
Jules Shepherd came he'd say volcano
Jules Shepard seems lots of explosions
psychotronic video lots of explosions
and you'd see this box jewel ship it's
the standard scenes
lots of explosions so there's lots of
explosions in her stand out nude scenes
that's a whole different kind of movie
he saw him and he didn't do anything
about it they all forgot how to use
their guns this elderly man did you see
there are elderly why don't you just
kick I see exercising long on a got a
bit of a cash register phone what's it
the only cash register phone let's read
this is banking on a cash register form
while kicking up about doing his leg
lifts in the air we need a prop phone I
only got this old rare cash register
close that's all I got
let's use it for a scene
I mean the movies you know hey we have
we have 10,000 movies now we have two
less now we have two less we have three
less three less yes oh you guys are very
technically for we're never watching
Chihuahua the movie you might be
wondering what Chihuahua the movie is
out rich knew we were watching mission
kill fast next and of course you went
through the the litany of explosive
words on the back and so while rich was
out of the room and Jay and I got
chihuahua the movie Cuba we started
playing it just to see how long it would
take
this is the wrong discourses and trailer
the movie no its mission kill fast what
happened I demand to know what happened
what's going on you got Punk I thought
it was a trailer understandably so yeah
and that was a trailer and then I
thought the wrong DVD was in the box you
went through all the rational reasons it
was happening to you the movie was
killed fast mission kill fast her name
is Kat it just it didn't work no you put
it in you hit play and the entire VCR
would shut off this is supposed to
spring back mechanical problems so when
I was searching for tapes I found two
that fit all three of my criteria rip
off scantily clad lady and artwork
painting computer beach party definitely
fell in that category
this was our backup this was our backup
I was okay you know this has all my
criteria this is clearly painted I think
it's a Drew Struzan original it's a
great cover
I would I would hang a poster of that up
in the office yeah yes scantily clad
lady I mean she's just in a swimsuit
whatever but and computer beach party
shouts of Revenge of the Nerds knockoff
not a direct ripoff it's not like a
tease teen sex comedy yes which there
was a glut of low budget for these type
movies yeah I'd say more Porky's even
than Revenge of the Nerds a little bit
of both well Revenge of the Nerds
because of the computer aspect you think
nerds
our main character looks a lot like
Robert Carradine from Revenge of the
Nerds Robert Carradine who is related to
David Carradine yeah of course we happen
to him David Carradine yeah I don't know
is he still hanging around somewhere I
anyways so we made everyone watch me
reading the back of the box for her name
is Kat Phil never watched
so very quickly read the back of
computer beach party okay maybe that
will help
it's reminds the plot I doubt it will
all circuits are go in this
old-fashioned high-tech computer beach
party toss around the floppy disk open a
bag of microchips and interface with us
sexy comedy that will light up your
terminal surfing buddies Andy and Dennis
find their prime surf turf is going to
be radically changed by uncool mayor
Dawes for a private development a real
Beach bummer
realizing that things don't compute
these guys plan a major mayor protest
party on the beach by linking up
hundreds of friends on their home
computer or even the guy wrote this is
struggling using their hardware to
attract software that doesn't work
that's like a boner and vagina joke I
think ya have created a whole new
version of the data game the dating
dating game this is certainly very punny
there's so much more thought put into
this description than there isn't of a
script for the movie come down to the
shore for a totally gnarly bash that a
net and Frankie could only dream about
well whoever wrote this was super old at
the time yeah that makes sense though
like when you think about it in
retrospect that this is trying to be
like the 80s version of a beach blanket
bingo type movie yeah those kids like
eighties decks desktop PCs right we're
not gonna talk about her name's Kat
there's nothing to talk about
Oh
the Chihuahua Chihuahua movies it's fine
okay
the Chihuahua movie is great from one
minute we saw of it Jay tell us all
about what happened in computer beach
party okay well there is a computer
there is a beach and there is a party
but none of them are really connected we
have our two main guys and they they
live on a house on the beach
the mayor has bought the land that they
live on because he can do that because
he thinks there's gold there what if
someone else finds the same thing we
found all that Beach
there goes your trip to Hollywood and my
highly esteem personal wealth how's old
Paul Reubens in this buried treasure or
sunken treasure
we had a little mini debate while
watching the film because the film opens
with a shipwreck like old galleon or
whatever they call those types ya
embassy ship it's like 1781 or something
they show the most impressive shot of
the movie yes and during a storm off the
coast of Galveston Texas it sinks and
and then there's coins that wash ashore
some are in the public museum our hero
finds one in the beginning and our
doesn't think anything of it I don't
know I found in the sand Oh
Gold remember that tale about a treasure
ship that wrecked on this Beach yeah
this could be a part of it yeah I've
seen lots of those it's nothing oh it's
just a gold coin so I can't be worth
like what's really important is we fell
over on our little wind sails
because our villain
yeah the heroes finally am the villain
finds one Turk
yeah Turk has had one in his pocket the
whole film but Turk Turk is very he's
like the mayor's son well he's like the
mayor's toady yeah okay I hope he's not
the mayor's son because he has a makeout
scene with the mayor's daughter
he's the lifeguard who runs everybody
off of the beach yeah cuz as we discover
in the movie if there's a lifeguard
stand that means that humans cannot go
on to the beach somehow right there's no
lifeguards on duty I don't understand
there's too many lifeguards let's go
they can't use the beach
see somebody help somebody who wrote
this you never been to a beach before
they saw those tall chairs the beach
cards the lifeguard sit in and they
didn't realize that was just they could
see better they thought there was room
in the lifeguard some kind of dictator
it's very much a scooby-doo plot though
where there's the the ancient buried
treasure yeah and then the mean old
local person tries to scare them kids
away mm-hmm although he doesn't he tries
to scare them away with just Life Guards
they have safety measures but there's no
lifeguards on the line no one's there
yeah just the existence of them keeps
them out when they're gone they can
start digging holes and looking for
their gold rich or when they're not gone
yeah the bad guys are the ones that keep
putting them back up when they're down
that's when beach goers can come back to
the beach and prevent them from digging
any logical sense why is there targeting
pizza it's a matter of budget I think
because we discussed the logical
approach to this would be the mayor owns
the beach here comes a bunch of
construction equipment vehicles and here
he wrecks a fence around the whole beach
that would make sense that's the weird
thing is that this isn't it looks like a
boner comedy and there's a couple
sequences that are goofy comedy things
but it's so dry most of it has hardly
any humor like none of the scenes where
they're actually like doing stuff with
the computer is funny phone number
please
credit card please
is he gonna hack the planet I think he's
hacking a party no he made the VIPs for
the private beach so they could have a
computer beach party this entering
information into a computer and it's
gonna make a party happen yes yes and
the Panthers are coming as the band
forty girls ten guys location of party
they're using it I guess what they think
real people how the real people would
use computers you download a beach party
that's how you you hacked the server you
hack the beach yeah and tell it to have
a party I think this movie was made by
like a 80 year old grandpa oh and
computers were clearly brand new and
they didn't know what they did sure
processing your data please way okay
entered number of beverages with the I
Phoebe he party is activated they
entered the information in the computer
and it made the party happen this isn't
the most pathetic thing we've ever seen
this is the textbook example well the
nerd needed to be anti-social
be scared to go to the beach not know
anything about it and then come some
house computer helps him become popular
and you know that's like your typical
eighties in instead he gets a
buxom blonde woman in the first five
seconds of the film right she falls for
him immediately
yeah and that's usually the goal of a
nerd is to win the girl in the end with
your Nerdist nish or if it's Revenge of
the Nerds with rape you get married it
makes you a good person because you have
a license I mean when you get a marriage
license and you get married nobody this
is a problem I mean just because you get
married but doesn't that doesn't mean
that you you're just glad you understand
there just isn't a course on how to be a
mayor's daughter screenwriting well what
is our computer nerd do with computers
let's let's break it down number one the
first thing he does well he plans the
computer beach party yes which means he
hacks the beach he makes himself VIP he
whatever that means that means you don't
have to worry about lifeguards when you
were VIP let me explain what he did
because I might and I would love for you
to explain I you know I know a little
bit about computers he hacked into
public records and made himself a VIP
with ten male guests and 40 female
guests they wanted a Ford of one ratio
and he reserved the beach he ordered a
band and they ordered liquor it says it
on the screen and then he hit enter and
it showed all the I don't know how they
just said forty women and ten guys and
then I show all the names of all the
people and they're all in their age
brackets like twenty-one twenty-two
twenty-two twenty-three that's him doing
that does it like send an evite to all
these people I don't know how their
words didn't exists I'm not sure about
that part but it just sends out a wave
that compels people to show up Oh
Oh where there is only 35 minutes into
the movie Wow
oh, for fuck's sake
this is
the rest of the would be gonna be the
computer of each party
okay the credits could be 60 minutes
long
that's true
oh you forgot to lip-synch partner this
is no one's in control this brother no
one's in control now what is the second
use of the computer oh he makes a woman
fall in love with him I've never met any
of these people before and they don't
know me let me show you what I use my
computer for use a computer for
pornography that's like loading a
picture that's why the movies still got
over an hour left
the actor heart oh this is the most
embarrassing thing oh no open mouth
kisses because of that computer program
he made well where's it gonna go now
everything's been resolved and they
already had the computer boots right so
we're only halfway through the movie
let's talk about how he hacks his own
car well he bought an expensive computer
they they loaded in his car and then he
he installs it in the car I need to move
this regulator and put it next to the
Pulaski Vader
to pull us what is he making his car a
computer I don't know he is he's hacking
his car yeah okay then what the Pulaski
Vader and the regulator suddenly
twisters revenge yeah but for what
reason because it's a computer of each
party
it's that computer car party so then the
challenges Turk to a race and then and
then the race starts where does this
happen in the movie on the beach but I
mean in the in this framework of the
it's just scenes it's just the thing
that happens it's just the thing that
happens there is no there is no like
structure yeah things just cut happen in
chunks and this is the race chunk of the
movie yeah
there's no consequence or pay off or
stakes yes so they race again later in
the movie because because they didn't
know how to end the movie so they just
race again in a different context this
is the first big race though that
they've been leading up to for the scene
it happened
oh my god people-people yeah that's a
picture car all right yeah you should
have done this before the race started
Oh Turk won the race it shows it shows
like a graphic and you have to wait for
the graphic to refresh yeah really and
then it cuts to and then it loads a
different angle of that same graphic the
image it's yeah engine yeah the engine
from sort of different angles and you
feel like you're being trolled like this
is a real movie during that scene and
then and then after five minutes the
computer successfully installs speed
under the car which makes the car go
really fast because the computer
installed speed you know like computers
do he had to download more dodge ram
that's what all those jokes you have to
think about was their wager
how did the computer change the
mechanisms of the combustion engine to
go faster he hacked it yeah the computer
it obviously made everything much more
efficient just mated better and one of
the consequences of this race how does
this change the dynamic between our hero
and Turk it doesn't nothing changes no
nothing is advanced nothing is settled
nothing is developed I mean although
although we talked about the ending
right I think we're I don't know if it
was this movie or that movie an
extremely basic computer beach party is
the movie that ends with tons of
explosions okay the same explosion or
yeah well that's computer of each party
just a little tweaking here and there
like basic stuff it's basic 80s comedy
stuff but it's like it's it all in the
wrong order and it's very episodic it
feels like four episodes of a TV show
because it's like they set up a conflict
it's resolved and then just
something else starts or it just like
somebody watched Porky's and Revenge of
the Nerds and just grab random elements
for those movies and wasn't too
concerned about why they happened or
when they happened or anything like that
anything bothersome just trying to do a
trendy thing it does feel very freeform
where it's like there's no way some of
this dialogue was scripted there's like
a whole scene where they're like let's
go back in the house and we look it
through our fridge and they just talk
about food for like five minutes are
they preparing for the party is that
what's happening maybe they're just
hungry
well the biggest like I think the
biggest standout is that is the computer
beach party scene which one
wait we have leftover footage party and
it just happened again the whole party
yep same people same guy with the snake
yeah same bands because they end up
using footage from the first one later
yeah to imply that they had a second
computer beach party where everybody
showed up wearing the same clothes
somebody said Ark our movie is called
computer beach party there isn't enough
computer beach parties computer beach
party well we joked that the director
was the first director in a coma direct
a movie it's clearly like no one's in
control of the movie set they've got all
these extras in a band to play and they
no one's directing filming the music
video also singing in the band
it's like a fact fun fact on IMDB the
only film directed by someone in a coma
unconscious on life-support and there's
no story element happening at all
alright when they add a computer beach
party with with a computer computer they
use the computer to hack the beach and
then after that they talk to somebody
from NASA the one thing that's even
closest to a plot thread we have
connecting everything together though is
there are the gold doubloons and the
sunken ship and then we get to the NASA
scene and then that's over nothing oh
yeah no we have satellites there's just
there's no gold yeah
Oh
take care sail what do you folks mommy
okay what's that bizarre ending where
they have on the boardwalk yeah yes with
that like The Temptations yes yes like
R&B group and they're singing on the
boardwalk do a really good job did they
get permission to use that so it's a
good song they oh I don't know they got
a song or not but then but then the
movie ends and then it cuts to different
music for like the credits it's like no
I know that song they're dancing have
them dance to the song that's playing
cuz it's a good song it's nice ending
song compared to that shitty beach party
song on the boardwalk was a million
bucks that was the most enjoyable
I don't want to hear you guys
bad-mouthing Panther okay
a tease word - sir just a minute a hair
medal was was a blight on humanity Oh
for fuck's sake
oh, no
they're back
I'm just mad what there are more scenes
when it fades to black, but then it comes back
and we're back rich mission kill fest
good luck maintained all of your
criteria that you selected that's what
really no it wasn't post-apocalyptic it
wasn't well the criteria was might
people might be I guess yeah and this
might have been post-apocalyptic it
turns out it wasn't would have been well
the plot is good luck all right
there is a some kind of self American
militia group they want nuclear
detonators and they also have some kind
of newfangled homemade Guzzi that is the
best weapon ever made out of parts from
Home Depot so they need nuclear
detonators that they're going to get
from some hooker who stole them from
some guy and then the mob ripped her off
for her million dollar nuclear
detonators and then the mob also have
this other guy that's partnered with
them that's the third party who was
doing something who has a front company
that is some kind of nudie magazine
owned by a snooty rich kid who is also a
government informant who was working
with the government who is after the
nuclear detonators and the mob and the
militia but the government is powerless
to do anything because they need the
help of some random woman and a karate
school yeah that was the most amazing
for explanation pretty close the movie
makes so much more sense now than it did
while we were watching my eyebrows and
someone one other very important factor
that I'm completely clueless how he fits
in there's fake Burt Reynolds Oh God I
think Indian Burt Reynolds Indian Burt
Reynolds is a huge factor I don't know
how he factors in but he's a huge factor
he he rapes our main female at one point
rapes and then kills
oh my god it's a disguise well she dies
later yeah but it's by him he's not
wearing the Burt Reynolds costume it's
true
he turned into Michael Myers he's
wearing a jumpsuit with with a with a
like a hunting knife
our main female and she dies off camera
and then we don't even see her face when
she dies she quit the film and she liked
her dress although I think that might be
here at the end of the movie
remember oh yeah I don't know Jay I
don't know what was happening there
might have been something they filmed
before she walked off okay yeah I think
rich is right and then when they were
added in the movie there just maybe
whatever doesn't matter just cut to some
stock footage explosions here's how you
describe it though if you haven't seen
the movie there's like a hundred and
sixty-seven thirty second long
exposition scenes of ugly people talking
ugly people giving expository dialogue about shit we don't care about
and, and that's what it is
and no action
game right it may be Mike's the guy
should be making the deal with give me
your word believe ten what are you doing
well then my South American guys are
having trouble with their drug cartel
flow and then we might have to put
surveillance on Jimmy because Jimmy's in
charge of the nudie magazine section of
our operation and then he's having
trouble with his hoes how about this
terrorists have taken over in the
Nakatomi Plaza building there is a a cop
there that they don't expect to be there
who is running around without shoes or
socks on and hiding and upsetting their
plan takes time about the plot and mrs.
Doubtfire yes or or you can have a scene
where government agent number four is
meeting up with government agent number
seven in the bar and he mentions that we
think that the mob might be running the
drug
to Puerto Rico and then after that you
cook to a scene of mob boss number three
talking to mob boss number seven and
eight about the financial situation in
the lower district well then you gotta
have a scene at a mini golf course yeah
we're government agent number seven is
talking to random woman about how they
need her to infiltrate mob organization
seven and then in the middle of that
scene you have a flashback to another
scene of government agent number 12 yes
hold government agent number seven that
he needs to find a random woman to
infiltrate a jig Bob agency number seven
right right it's all perfectly clear
it's a well-oiled machine do you
remember when that's your member when
Tiger King was very first introduced to
the film and he shows up at the airport
and a government guy was like hey tiger
King you want to help us with this thing
he said no no I got I got stuff to do I
got to go be in a parade
yeah this is some shoot in the rodeo
yeah and then a mob guy was like I think
I saw him talking to a government guy
let's snipe them at the children's
parade oh my sumin binoculars let's
check on the man
what is going they're gonna assassinate
yang because he was hired by a federal
agent to investigate their porn mag
which is a cover for getting illegal
nuclear detonators from a third world
country how are you not following the
real question is why isn't he why is he
afraid enough cuz he's on tour for his
martial arts academy Oh goddammit this
was a useful scene Tiger king and the
martial arts school attack the
Metalworks factory right remember you
said that you're like why aren't they
using their guns there's guys guarding
there they're loading up a truck with
potentially with nuclear detonators
nope okay I guess they're on the move
it's just procedures using a school I
guess it's just this yeah yeah this is
black belts they're all okay with this
mission
I think getting a discount on their next
lesson rich their black belts which
means they're on call for the US
government at any time don't you know
how that works very carefully climbing
gum all the elderly black belts that's
the thing yeah he's just a karate
instructor and these are just students
of his school and they all just agree to
go along with those how did you remember
the elderly poor no Photoshop for the
skin mag for people with an elderly
fetish that's all they could get that
girl's only 18 years old the Sun is
really time it was the first magazine
well there's a scene like a like a
Playboy Mansion pool scene kind of thing
where it's like all the the models from
the magazine are there and there's a
market for that J
I don't track right you turn on his own
mother if you know there's a profit to
be made I know she's in her but she
turns out to be a character too though
for a little while until she gets shot
in the head I don't know who she was
involved with she was working for the
car that subplot number 37 a that goes
nowhere okay okay she was an undercover
cop posing as a porno mag photography
actress model model thanks did I just
say photography actress you did it for
the world model that's you know that's
one way to describe a model photography
actress my question is after she got the
police what they wanted
why was she still continuing to be a
photography actress hey good question
somehow it gave the police information
to move forward with some other aspect
of their investigation what that is
annoying it's just a jumbled fucking mess
oh look there are bad guys our good guys
have to kill them mm-hmm that's a movie
it's easy well that's what happens in
the last five minutes of this film yeah
it's pretty remote we have a c-141
standing by he's going to that to the
South American militia Oh see this
should be the movie the whole movie
doesn't you know why doesn't he bring us
home karate school come on now
oh the karate school is going yeah rich
you're missing the best part
they take Tiger king and his karate
school and they drop them into Argentina
or wherever they go and they're like
blow all these people up Tiger King what
is it with with karate schools a thing
now right movies either made by people
who run karate schools or movies that
are about karate school yeah we got this
we got the instructor Miami connection
did he run a crime school on that not
not in the movie but he himself there's
been a scene where he's doing he's doing
karate I think it's like a okay
inferiority complex or something it's
like some reason the whole reason you
start a karate school though is because
you see yourself as the biggest fucking badass who ever walked the face of the earth
yeah and then and then you cut to
reality and you're George Dillman and
rich who is George Dillman he's he is a
karate master pressure point knocked out
of the easiest ways to put the person
down who has perfected the art of
no-touch knockdowns where he is able to
focus his awesome Qi power and he can
kill you from across the room unless
your tongue is in the wrong position the
skeptic was unloop was a totally none
believe it none believer plus but if the
guy had his tongue in a wrong position
of the mouth that can also nullify it or
you have one toe pointed up in one toe
pointed down but Zoli weakness this all
sounds completely legitimate has that
guy tried to make a movie I hope yeah if
I say I'm gonna knock you out
and you raise one toe and push one toe down
can't knock you out
did we talk enough about the explosion
the one explosion
the one explosion
no, we have not
oh, my god
oh, my god
where did that come from
I was worried there are gonna be more scenes
oh you know what it's fine it's such a
powerful explosion that it turns night
into day multiple times and that yeah
that explosion is just used over and
over look that's the plane explosionf
Christ again you can't get multiple
stock footage explosions that sandbag
bunker was filled with plane parts and
daylight they superimpose it over real
explosions and you see the parts from
the airplane I still don't like it
damn it I don't like it at all well it's
time to conclude our very first episode
of garbage pick Mike Mike versus rich
Mike first is rich
I lost I'll throw it Jay okay III guess
I gotta go with computer beach party the
titles funny
the cover is is great rich Oh God I
think I have to go okay okay
I'm gonna go with computer beach party I
think it was 1% more creative 1% yeah I
I'm not picking it cuz it was my pick
but I have to go with computer beach
party to they are both very similar in
their badness to where it's just like I
like like just this lazy plot that a
bunch of random scenes that don't seem
like they serve any
of greater goal right yeah that's that's
a good what you can get away with a
little bit more in like a boner comedy
cuz it's just like it's just a laid-back
party movie it's supposed to be one joke
after joke seems funny yeah as opposed
to an action movie where it's like each
scene should lead into the next what
should lead into an exciting action
scene and this doesn't really even if
you're being lazy about it an action movie is just so fucking easy
bad guys
they're the bad guys we gotta kill the
bad guys and that is all you need the
one minute I saw of Chihuahua the movie
was better than anything was better than
the entirety of computer beach party and
mission kill fast it was a cute dog now
do we kill fast do we fast kill mission
kill fast yes let's smoke ill we should
kill fast I like the sound of that
hi I'm screen legend rich Evans and
today we're going to slow kill mission kill fast in a fucking toaster oven
normally this bad boy goes up to 450
degrees but today we're gonna turn it
all the way down to 150 set it to warm
and crepe time up as far as we can all
right here we go
yeah that suckers gonna melt
it's yeah
took 45 seconds okay yeah yeah yeah
gonna murder that DVD
oh, fuck
I forgot to close it
it hasn't even been heating
oh, jesus christ
ugh
all right
we're starting, starting from scratch
25 minutes of my life but I think I
think it's going faster
No
fuck this, we're going to 450
broil
according to Jewish folklore
a dybbuk is a dark spirit that takes
over the bodies of living people and
uses them for evil legend has it that a
dybbuk can be oh we have some action we
have some action the server the the DVD
case is rising it's like all that all
that steam from the mounting disk is
causing it to swell up
oh yeah I can smell it now it's getting
worse
oh boy oh boy that might kill me Oh God
let's get back
oh it's done all right I'm gonna I'm
gonna try and get it open look look look
yeah it's sealed shut a king I don't
think I'd get the DVD out yeah look at
this
so charred guha fine there's the here's
the disc itself it's it's got it's got
blisters in it
mission accomplished
fuck yeah
