Jan 11, 2020
Wicked World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoel2EiTjLU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1216005013220315138
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157014190747634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-wicked-world

here here we are two crates we have
nothing to say have nothing to say
what speechless I was speechless during
most of this film yeah I just want to
examine the choices that led us here
because we watch this movie for a very
specific reason yeah it's because we're
familiar with things
Jay and I are on the record as being big
fan I am Pro things yes we are anti
perform that Attack of the Clones is the
worst movie relative to its budget and
the reason i put the disclaimer relative
to its budget when i talk about bad
movies is because things was the actual
worst movie I had ever seen
but emphasis on was why
we should point out -- THINGS -- we did that on Half in the Bag
"What the fuck are you talking about?"
and then the things take over the house and our characters wander
around and occasionally worry about it
in between sitting in the kitchen and
wanting to drink beer or take naps the
things they sit on the the stove or they
sit on the toilet or they sleep in the
basement mm-hmm that's it
long time ago we talked about things
because we used to watch it on our movie
nights yeah which is what led to bus
that was a precursor to best of the
worst yeah
oddly enough that bus star that half in
the bag episode we brought Palpatine
into it that's right and now Palpatine
is dead because Rey deflected his
lightning bolts back in his face who is
famously its reincarnated again in the
next sequels Mike you know my point is
we brought Palpatine back before Disney
yeah but we said oh okay
things love her hated it's a very
fascinating movie and so we said hey
let's do a spotlight on director Barry
Jay Gillis's new film new film it just
came out on blu-ray it had never seen
the light of day before it was never
released and I don't know why oh yeah
whether we could say this is from the
good people at Agfa who are film
preservers what our what our active
American genre Film Archive okay after
this can they be now classified as a
terrorist organization possibly I came
prepared for this I actually wore my
caliber pressed surviving edged weapons
t-shirt because because I was afraid
after watching this I might want to cut
myself rich if we learned anything from
this film it's that violence just
creates more violence but don't
unavoidable change but don't hurt
yourself like poor Barry J Gillis at the
end of this film spoilers have hope have
hope for the computer chips that will
remove all violence from implanted in
your brains by the US government coming
soon
aha
Oh even though today
oh my god
this is insane this is insane there is
still hope don't commit suicide
you can get a different plane to
Daenerys don't help that somebody can
make computer chip that will control us
that's the hope
do you think that was the seed of the
idea cuz that's at the end of the movie
Barry G Gillis commits suicide and then
we get this text was that like he heard
about that somewhere and that was the
seed that planted the the idea of the
small brain or it's a crazy going on in
this yeah the best part of that though
is the positive spin on having a chip
implanted in your brain yeah troll your
actions yeah no more violence
the only usually that's the paranoid
thing oh my god they're gonna put the
chips in her braids no not this film
yeah Barry's Achilles is like everybody
relax
your mind is going to be controlled and
everything will be good well it's a very
Canadian spent on conspiracy theory
let's yes it's true well the film is not
just about suicide violence it's it's
generalized murder there's some
lobotomies there there's a suicide packs
in it there's a guy in a wheelchair who
was trying to mug a guy who's walking
yes
what it is he mugging the guy in a
wheelchair again the wheelchair was
trying to mug him that's not a good idea
there's attempted murder that gets
interrupted by another murderer aha
that's the famous opening scene of the
film and a wonderful message about
abstinence you tell your brother to
leave that's where he lives he's
definitely in the same room he's
supposed to be on the other side of the
tape somewhere between three feet and
five miles away it could be in another
house with coincidentally the same
furniture sure and this actually he's
watching this on TV it just looks like
the exact same room oh he's got a gun
here's a couple making out on a couch
gets super naked the guy there's all
sorts of pelvic thrusting going guys
just watching and we don't know where
this guy is in relation to anything yeah
cuz there's no establishing shot he has
a gun in his pocket for some reason he
keeps taking it in and out of his pocket
he's not sure when to use it
the worst family reunion ever wild sex
party oh that's a killer oh that's kind
of girls she wants to save it for
marriage so then after after his sister
who's been grinding on this guy for like
the last 10 minutes gets up and walks
away to take a shower you know in the
middle of their makeout session
right
in the middle of the party
then the brother stands up and says, "are you fucking my sister"
to which, i believe, the answer is, not right now
yeah
yeah
well, she proclaims like, well, we've gone far enough tonight"
she's taken everything off
and stripped completely naked in front of her friends
oh, and the whole time there's a guy out wearing a gas mask just standing in the window just
over there right there for everybody to
see but they don't see him that's for
art we see it as an audience we know
it's a they don't turn around
they clearly see him know but they don't
know they clearly see they're very
visible
he's extremely he's lit very well but no
they don't they don't they don't see
certainly what I think is the answer here
but then michael cera starts shooting
everyone in the room with a little tiny
cap gun is about this big yes this is
when we were introduced to the
experimental editing techniques of the
film the guy says don't kill her kill me
shoot and then the girl pleads with him
that she wants to be an actress or a
singer and she said oh she wants to be
an actress I got I got bad news for you
honey you're in a very dangerous acting
careers come to die so shooter and he's
just about to shoot himself when all of
a sudden the guy with the gas mask is
indoors well he awkwardly kind of rubs
his arms around the brother with the
guns net and the amendment somehow yeah
there's a googly googly noise it's an
attempt at style that's what I'll say
about this movie there's lots of
attempts at some sort of style that's
why I say this movie reminded me of like
the lovechild between Ed Wood John
Waters and Quentin Tarantino sure
tension styles Tarantino it's not linear
it's trying to be stylish I I don't know
what it is but something about the nurse
and the guy in the wheelchair and
playing around with the handcuffs just
made me think of John Waters I'm not
entirely sure why well it has that like
it's grungy look II find it looks like a
home movie but they're trying to make a
movie and then Ed Wood because it sucks
well the general Detroit event in just
the general synopsises the old guy he
just finds groups of people and then he
kills them over and over and over again
intercut with the wheelchair sections
and then near the end there's a crooked
cop who wants revenge that's the
overview yeah yeah that yeah the the
Newt Gingrich is the killer
Barry T Gillis is the cop his
ex-girlfriend gets killed by the killer
and he goes after revenge in present day
and present day is the killer in the
wheelchair now there are possibly two
cops or three is there's there's there
are definitely at least two yeah there's
the berry J Gillis place the meat the
frozen meat store robber
sounds like the men DeLorean and he
never takes them plastic it's a part of
my code of ethics God and then he
there's the cop who lives next door to
Newt Gingrich and his wife and his
daughter that's also very Jake Gillis
it's also very jig Gillis you doing your
new next-door neighbor
the movies broken he's moved in just
after the newt gingrich's three
daughters have committed suicide we know
all this because somebody in the shot
says it but we don't know who the wife
does she cooks she goes he's in a bad
mood because last week all three of his
daughters killed themselves would you
like a hot dog
many countries when people on our own
streets are starving today what is this
all are they in a crime-ridden
neighborhood is that what's supposed to
be happening there was like a lion or
something a war zone
I am fucking lost
I am your new neighbor
give me a hot dog bye sorry all three of
your daughters committed suicide last week
Newt is is watering the grass and they said why did you tell him about my daughters
and she's like, "fuck you, i'm leaving you"
and then 
meanwhile, audio from World War two is playing
oh it's water it's like you just had
this footage of these people in the
backyard and made a scene with voiceover
yeah that's that's possible what I don't
know how much more of this I can take
giving me anxiety he leaves after
getting his hot dog many scenes later I
think it's the same cop with his partner
solicit a prostitute this is more social
commentary yes he says something about
we're gonna make a lot of money off of
this thing yes and there's a person
videotaping it's a police surveillance
tape that the chief is showing them
because he caught them in the act
murdering a prostitute and taping it and
taping Li yes intentionally to try to
set up the guys on the roof or smoking
pot is that his voice we don't want the
black community what is he talking about
political things the Marisa
things worrying about the political
ramifications of things yes somewhat
who's this now but the gruff mayor
whoever it is on the the voice-over is
saying like we don't want the black
community get him yes
yeah who's mainly the black guy cuz he's
the one who targeted and he was like
punching up yeah so I think that was
just out of context that was just also
in this wicked world is police
corruption yeah and police planting
evidence and and being racist yeah that
was one piece of this whole wicked world
and it kinda had nothing to do with
anything else in the movie
and so that's when Barry leaves after
having been fired apparently has sex
with three different women option goes
home and finds his murdered girlfriend
he shoots Newt Gingrich like a hundred
times in the chest but he survives and
ends up in a mental hospital where they
give him a lobotomy and then he gets
pushed around a children's play again
this is all explained in a nonlinear
fashion oh that's what awkwardly
handcuffed to a slide like painstaking
Oh God they're after the other bars it's
time to slide down she just unlocks the cuffs anyway
and then he just slides down
that was his moment to escape
he had a lobotomy
he's not going anywhere
i know
that's, that's a damn good question
i guess that does confirm, though, because the whole movie there's a voice-over narration
yes
and we were, it's like a like a fake British accent
and we were never sure who it was
but I think in that scene you do hear do
hear the voiceovers say I hate slide
yeah and when so that voiceover is him
yeah so it's yeah but he's also talking
about what's going on like it's a
fictional story that's not a narration
of what happened yeah that's the
narration of what you want to happen as
told from the present about things that
have already happened maybe this is a
cautionary tale about the use of chips
in your brain maybe he was the first
recipient of it
when he's in the baby swing we also get
text on the screen yes that's another
time that happened yeah that also and
that happened initially at the when newt
gingrich follows some fun heifers out to
the lake
yeah where they meet up with some other
fun ever sad scene up that's coming up
kids it's important to note that the one
girl they're both wearing their bathing
suits under their clothing yes but the
one girl climbs onto an unstable log to
in order to remove her clothes a low
shot of her that's the only thing i can
think of that makes any kind of sense
out of disrobing on around
okay now go over there and rub your
friend with whiskey i was thinking it
was honey they're trying to attract
bears so and during this whole time by
the way the soundtrack is just cranked
it's all very natural extremely natural
literal wildtrak because animals yeah we
all get it yeah laughs laughs at my
jokes court they have to find a better
spot to have sex in they want to be
private in the in the dirty but weeds
where with ticks and poison ivy yeah
they go off to get Lyme disease one girl
grows off but this is just text at the
top of the screen that says and she's
not very faithful to her boyfriend what
what was in reference to the girl who's
going to get the first green dollar
because they have to give a reason my
Newt Gingrich is going to kill her the
question is though why was it text on a
spree because they didn't have line and
they didn't have a way of communicating
it does it even make a difference though
what they have over double like he's
been overdubbing everything else he
could have had the British guy say she
cheated on her man yeah he or she gets
her comeuppance or a cheating on her man
but how does he know that she does that
well we have the second like party scene
there's first party seeing them right
party scene where they're playing the
the Irish music they get done watching
things yes oh yeah we see a lot of
things guy is slow dancing with a girl
and then a ginger kid is weightlifting
yeah and this is after there was the
couple that would to have sex kind of oh
they were so excited bothered to try can
we talk about how quiet this killer is
yeah unnoticed he goes throughout the
entire movie no one hears him going you
know through the woods which certainly
would have some sort of noises
associated with its turned out by all
the geese and frogs that's fair he
somehow makes the the the victims quiet
to when he kills the board sex couple
they don't make a noise no while they're
that bored
he's got brand new memory foam shoes
they got at the old folks home he fires
guns nobody hears his guns that's right
I think it's a wicked world people are
so used to these sounds they don't even
react to it that's true it's a wicked
world huh motif in the film now can we
talk about Newt Gingrich's therapist
because that's a whole other ball I
don't know where this is in the timeline
of events either I have no clue
and ideas about violence ideas about
killing the deranged individual are you
for six months with me coming here and
tell me all these six stories or killing
other people you can't go on living like
that
that's a psychiatrist yeah that's how
you talk to a Bayesian well therapist
sits on the couch with me pocket this is
before this before we saw the bad cops
killed with the prostitute and get fired
just before we saw that this is after
slide but before swing true he was in
the wheelchair and the narration said
wait I want to take out a scene with the
cop and I want to have a scene with a
psychiatrist instead
do you have other patients like me or am
I the only one with such wicked thoughts
actually feel like I'm gonna throw up
from brain trauma therapy is missing oh
my god but when does the chase take
place before after I know cuz he kills
the hills her in a therapy session
so, she still had the therapy session with him, even though he tried to murder her in a dirty warehouse
I guess
it seems that way
we're cutting back and forth between these two events
yeah
the most important thing is that she's a very terrible therapist
terrible, or great
she's like, your fucking crazy, dude
the guy has no qualms about shooting people
no
for some reason his therapist he chokes with a doctor's coat he's he's
not very choosy about his methods no
there's a lot of different methods and
there's there's the bat there's the gun
yeah he seems to prefer choking yeah oh
yeah he double chokes the the couple
that are dancing yeah I don't know how
that works but not possible I mean he'd
be protected by his hockey hair first
off so we should have start David
Carradine because he's such a good actor
yeah hey he really was about some
gravitas yeah Carradine didn't enjoy
choking other people rich he enjoyed
choking himself you don't know that Mike
well you didn't enjoy it at the end
I can never forget oh my god you're
missing everything
all of the things so so the killer is
gonna be let out of prison or out of the
Institute wherever he is
mm-hmm and Barry J Gillis said he's
gonna kill him okay and his Indian
girlfriend son no don't kill him get
over get over it and then he shot her
I'm trying to think I mean the way we're
explaining it it sounds like it makes
sense but the or the events that we're
explaining do not happen in
chronological order no it's it's very
confusing we find out all this stuff
about the cop Barry Joe Gillis way
towards the end yeah that's like in the
last half-hour yeah no it wouldn't make
sense if all the events were tied
together I was wondering about newts
three daughters and the reason oh yeah
they're suicide pact
is one of the tragedies it's mentioned
earlier on and then later on we see a
scene where there's two women in the
woods one looks like she just came from
the gym
one looks like she just came from a
corporate job she's got high heels on
and like stockings and a black skirt
they look she looks professional yeah
and we're like and they're they're
roasting marshmallows and then we
discover bari jay gilles has a
marshmallow fetish himself where a bee
is eating a hole partially melted
marshmallow yeah well then there's the
other side that there's the shot of Newt
Gingrich with all the pudding falling
out of his oh that's the most disgusting
thing in the film but anyway the three
women are the two women are there at the
campfire the other ones coming down the
hill and we what's going on well we
thought it was the prostitute that got
beat up it might have been the same
actor knows but yes she has a package
hidden in the woods I thought it was
heroin because we thought it was the
prostitute turns out it was a gun no
child's water gun Susie used to commit
suicide turns out these are the
daughters of Newt Gingrich what brought
them to that point I don't know what is
the scene because it's a wicked world
where do we see Newt Gingrich actually
snap when does that happen
oh well that happens when his wife is
about to leave him after he's watering
the lawn
that's his breaking point that's his
breaking point she's going away one of
his hot dogs and he talked to another
she talked to another man oh he's like
like usually I said you shouldn't talk
to another man she's like we're leaving
and then he shoots them indoors yeah
you're horrible sounds coming from Alice
a little girl too and oh that's the
other thing is that endless crying in
that scene that doesn't seem to be
actually attached to little girl and
every time that Newt Gingrich is chasing
a woman there's just every scream sound
effect that Barry Jay Gillis can conjure
up that's in the random dorm room scene
where he delivers a pizza box filled
with guts something we can't tell
because it's recorded on Thomas Edison's
first recorder it's too bad the only
microphone they had was a telephone that
day sounds like a 9-1-1 call and then
newt gingrich comes in with a pizza
delivery I don't like pizza box we see
the actual pizza that they the crew or
whatever was in the box they took it out
so they kept us in but they just left it
in the shot and this is where he gets
his famous gas mask it's in this dorm
room kitchen for some reason he gets it
halfway through the movie he was using
it near the beginning of the movie now
nonlinear it's a story that's where you
get the Tarantino reverie yes this film
is very much like Pulp Fiction in the
way of that Oh what part is it where
he's hacking someone up and we get like
a like a green screen arm like I can't
even remember what no idea what part
that is but it totally happened is this
yeah it's a visual that's in my brain
and I have no idea I think it's one of
those early early kills I know I know
he's not using a knife and that's the
strange thing is the arm flies off
this is clearly an early like
videotoaster kind of edit situation
because he's doing those like just whirl
effect yeah super cheap before it's like
I guess it might be before nonlinear
editing is 91 I I don't know the movie
is pretty nonlinear he took that term
too literal oh boy none you mean I have
to make my film nonlinear it's the
coming if you say so maybe he just
edited the movie in order of the scenes
that were shot Wow yeah you don't shoot
a movie in order so maybe he just edited
in the order that he filmed the scenes
and that's why it doesn't make any sense
that's a real good theory anything's
possible you know it's the best theory
we have well that's we should mention
that Barry J Gillis he did a rough cut
of this film back in the 90s when he
made it and it was not up to par he did
not think it was good enough and that's
why I did get released until now you
know what I give the man full credit for
that he still made the movie though and
here it is now for us to see it yeah
it's so rare one of our favorite bad
filmmakers is self-aware well I don't
know how self-aware he is I'm mildly but
even the amount he thought things was
good enough to release yes
murders written all over your face I
have possibly the most difficult
question I have ever asked I know what
it is what which is worse this or things
no no
that's easy which is more nonsensical
this or demon come
demon cop is it it's very close yeah
this this I mean this feels like a movie
that was made in its entirety by one
person
uh huh
unlike demon cop, which is
yeah
a bunch of shit edited together
so this is a little
more cohesive a little bit but it
doesn't end with a man in a rubber suit
throwing around paddy no no this is not
as entertaining as the last 20 minutes
of demon cub but which is worse this or
things and which is a hard one to say
because I think we all think things is
terrible but some of us enjoy the
terribleness of things in order in order
to answer that question properly it's
been a long time so I've seen things I
would probably need to rewatch things so
in order to avoid rewatching things I'm
going to declare that this is worse okay
that's fair I'm with rich things had
through storyline ya dummies go to a
cabin and there's ant monsters got it
and they want to lose ya and I'm not
trying to be a contrarian and doing but
I like this better
yeah because there is much and they're
both nonsensical and they're both
frustrating but
this has so many more, uh, different kinds of scenes, lots of different characters and locations, and things going on, and laughable moments
THINGS is all in that fucking house
Lister that's all dark and it yeah I
hate things wicked world I like what it
world much it has a lot going on yeah it
definitely kept us engaged you're
constantly trying to figure it out yeah
there is no grading scale that can
possibly make sense of this yeah well I
know at the end of things that the
credit comes up that says you have just experienced things
and this is similar to that where it's like I don't know what the fuck happened but it was an experience
and a nice thing to note and it's not
really a nice thing but you watch you
watch something like this and you could
think about how easily someone like very
gigolos could make a movie about a
slasher with a gas mask who just kills
teenagers in the woods but very generic
typical yes and and he uses the move the
context of the movie to get women to get
naked in the shower and then slant you
know we've all seen that yeah but he's
he's putting in some heavy heavy
philosophical and visible society and
violence and attempts at social
commentary and I mean linear
storytelling microchips in microchips
it's a total and complete disaster but
the attempt was made yeah to to creates
are he Charlie tried hard and trying to
say something all right well who wants
to watch things again now
take away
